Okay okay And you, let's have a good time
last question Okay then
[Music]
[Applause]
I who thought I was loving no longer
It used to be that kisses were given in
any corner
I thought that loving was just a
I play but I look at you and I'm dying for
have you
next to me
I will not invest my life nor
excite you and me
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
and I ask every day
I'm
to the last kiss that bids farewell to this life and
I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to
[Music]
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
You want me to stay, I'll stay with you.
what things matter to me and when
I smile, turn around and I'm
with you
[Music]
I will make up for the time that was lost
and I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment
[Music]
I will dress my life with my illusion
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
[Music]
I ask you every day to be your life
calm down kiss do you want to throw away this life
always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
We have to make this song viral
So the song is three years old but
come on, I love it, I love music
what our dear Manuel Muñoz does
We send a kiss and I recommend everything to you.
that you buy the song is worth it
I recommend everything I bought the song
because we are going we are going we are going
burning the song here Good family
My throat is so-so
I'm sore from my throat again
Today there is a World Cup again
Today there is a World Cup again, my goodness what?
World Cup and football bore. Well, yes.
It's always the same, they are all the same
the matches the green field the same
people
once on the mark, one marks again
the other one, well, take care of yourself for Lego today no
There is Lego, obviously I can't do it today.
allow to be here 7 hours at night
and stay up late today I'm going to comment on the
I'm going to curl up in bed
We'll talk about Lego tomorrow or the day after.
Tomorrow the day after we'll do the Lego, let's see.
Tomorrow has left me, tomorrow has failed me
I failed tomorrow's interview and
Tomorrow maybe we can raise the ego
Ok, but the night hadn't kicked him out.
because I don't want to be disliked or be bad bad
very bad very bad
tomorrow tomorrow yes tomorrow I haven't achieved it
no interviews either, the ones I have
They can't wait there tomorrow.
that tomorrow there is no talk either
Tuesdays with Marina always but the thing about the
Sundays which is very complicated because it is
that on Sundays it is very difficult
get someone every Sunday
Javi, if you mess with football you'll mess things up.
yeah yeah but well I always mess things up
I always get into trouble with whoever I mess with.
I mess with whoever I mess with. Totally more
It gives one more thing, no, what does one matter?
nothing more
family last night you warned me that
We had a brutal video I know we have
said to ignore these characters but
The truth is that when things like this happen
These then need to be commented on, it is better
that commenting on them must be reported
okay because I really believe that what
this man got into his day
What this man throws at me on his day
hurt him
I like you a lot.
sooner or later
I will be yours, you will be mine
He has said on several occasions that
I had experience with the quiet macin
with I don't know what with I don't know how much and that
Those are medications that one takes
after cocaine it's okay but here I am
I think he was directly mistaken
I want it to be done here directly
mistaken
and he has put colored chalks in it, okay?
I think I think he was wrong and
He has put colored chalks but oh well
video let's make a kiss darling
Thank you so much, yesterday was brutal.
Let's see, suddenly he comes and looks at this
He does it more than anything because he is already
giving the last kicks or so this is it
It is the last kicks of the drowning man before
The channel is basically worth dying now.
the channel is basically dead now, so
Who is going to take this seriously?
character to inform or to see
something 600,000 visits in total from all over the
month 600 thousand visits in total from all over the
month this man surely this man
He probably won't even be earning 300 anymore.
Neither 400 euros nor anything like that is worth it. I know.
is giving the last kicks of
drowned is better than disappearing already
directly internet I said it or so
That's what was good about YouTube
also at the same time it was bad and
counterproductive okay The good thing about it
YouTube was that anyone could do it
anyone can try it
anyone Maybe with talent Can
Joining and creating content is fine, but of course
anyone like Juanca, that is, a person
directly uses a low-class rabble
And with all due respect to the polygons, I
We always go. I grew up in a neighborhood
I get together with all the people from
The polygons but good people people
good and real not bad people as worth
people
lamentable juanca is the lowest that
you can find yourself okay or Juanca
you just have to see him, not much is said
not to play by appearances but
Juanca, you just have to see her and that's it.
you know more or less what it's about and the foot
that limps okay is the typical one that if you
It may take a euro and they will just rip you off.
Okay, so it's scum in Tusa
literally scumbags are simply worth
This guy, well, what you shouldn't give him is
capacity, that is, directly there is no need
give him space Neither watch a video of his nor
take into account or anything but of course what
What happened yesterday was very serious and you're going to see it
because I only
I have only seen
some audios do not lie some audios do not
a few clicks of a few seconds that put
our jero on Twitter Vale and
I'll tell you straight away what he did
Juan Carlos in that video yesterday to Juan
López de Zárate to my friend Juan is
completely reportable or
aggressively threatens him and insults him
slander
but of course on top of that, look at Juanca
I'm going to say it, well, first the tweets
No, he has already removed the block from me.
sometimes someone else blocks me
They take it away, it's not to look for our mouths
so that we talk about him, not the shits
They just transmit that [ __ ] to others
to poison him and generate hatred
third parties not
the biggest piece of trash on YouTube Javier
oliveira well let's see juanca to me
You seem like the biggest piece of garbage to me, but on the outside
and inside because your body inside
It has to be worthy of study or worth it
may your body be inside the day that
within three or four centuries the
archaeologists come across your body
He's going to say, "Well, what the hell is this?"
If there is a mixture of chemicals here that
I'm not clear on what this is about
a rib or is it a knee like that
what the [ __ ] you Juan who spoke [ __ ] you
but inside and out because it is
that on the outside you are a mess and on the
inside you have to be the castle of the
terror but you know the fair
fair attractions that Yuyu gives you
get on because in some you might get the same
a nut or whatever is missing because the
inside your body
That is, your body is no longer repairable.
Okay, and that's what I'm telling you, that is, here
looking for my mouth not telling me who I am
garbage that the other is [ __ ] that I
I'm [ __ ], I'm garbage
Here he messes with Enrique, look at this one
Enrique, I'll give you some advice. Hello, handsome.
Thank you for keeping me company during my time
of lunch face and those Greetings queen
Get up Enrique, I give you some advice
Stay away from Javier Oliveira Juanca you are
you to give advice to anyone or anyone
that he be guided by your advice
end up in a man project that since
you hang out with him, you hang out with him, you visit him
are going down
and I'm not telling you this to rejoice, it's like
a piece of advice
for some advice
rejoice in what Juanca what visits
You have, I'm not telling you to rejoice
rejoice
you know what you have juanca and
let's watch your video not your video
criminal juanka your video completely
criminal
your completely criminal video huanca
You know what you have, Huanca.
that you make a completely video
criminal that is completely
reportable And you will surely fall into
just like you have to fall for Rocío
Carrasco by Fidel by Rocío Flores by
everyone who decides to sue you
that you are a poor starving man and you are not
I say it in a classist way, I say it in a
Literally you are a poor dead person
hunger that you take advantage of that you are
insolvent and that they report you and you don't
you are going to pay because you are insolvent
understand me and you're not going to pay for it in the
life why Because you'll never never
having a stable job you will never
having a stable company you will never
have goods then you say that I
I'm [ __ ] but you're [ __ ]
juanca but very stuck on a stick or
it is literally impossible to fight
with you
in the judicial field at least in the civil field
because nothing can be taken from you
look, look at you
Thank you so much
Look at you Juanca, you have little to do
may seize
that because it is not usable
It is not even suitable for organ donation because it is
that anyone can put one of your organs
anyone can put one of your organs in their mouths
That is to say, not only is it that you cannot
contribute nothing financially
is that tomorrow not even your challenge will be
will be able to take advantage
you Imagine that any person
needs a nostril transplant
and only yours remains in the world
Imagine
faith, faith and hope for life that
could have that person
a lung of yours
Your lung must be like a
almonds of those that come in the
elephant pipe packs so you have
that you have the lungs but it is that
On top of that, you are absolutely useless.
nothing juanca
is that on top of that you are absolutely useless
nothing
because on top of that I have seen you in
person
so much that you start shouting and insulting
and aggressively threaten people
I have seen you in person, Huanca
I have seen you in person and I take you
so with one hand, with one hand you hold on
without your chest you make me a video
of this and I go
Walking calmly, I'll pick you up like this
chest I take you like this by the chest and I hit you a
shaken like the Toy Story doll
huanca
I'll give you a shake like the doll from
Toy Story and I have you dismantled
and you have to and you have to learn to
crawl again
Pay attention to the video he made, eh, pay attention
to the video he made
because this video is completely
criminal to see whether it was part of the
joke is worth it, part of the joke is worth it
much that cannot be acted upon
civil is worth much that cannot be
Acting civilly with this guy is fine.
I think Juan should give him one.
criminal complaint filed at the police station
police go and put it on him
a complaint
who files a lawsuit against me that I
put me to put it on to see what it is
What's wrong with him that he takes the bus that was going to
catch when he threatened me to catch the
bus that I put on the bus of a
blow that takes the bus that was going to
take it to Seville that I will put it in the
bus but in a breath
This video makes me feel good and
or one of two or I hit him or I hit him
I'll buzz or report it. I'll go to you.
I think Juan should without spending
It costs money to go to the police station
and file a complaint directly
because there are threats here, that is
There are literal threats here, okay, editor.
by Antonio David flowers or stop
harass juanjos or you'll have to deal with it
I've warned you, you're a stalker. Okay.
already simply the title and the title the
miniature are completely insulting
Okay, and defamatory, that is, simply
That's why the demand came in here, okay?
But the video is that you die, okay?
Good evening community, how are you?
You are welcome to a new video of
juanca Blog Well I'm going to share this video with you.
dedicate to Juan López de Zarpe who is
Juan López de Zarte Well, well, yes.
Juan López has a buffoonish disarray
Who is Juan López, you buffoon who?
is
Who is Juan López? They are the Siches.
huanca
I have said it well, Antonio's editor
David Flores no
I would like to send you a message to
so that the stories are no longer told and
that he dedicates himself to his work
and leave other people alone
This guy Juan López de Zarte the editor
by Antonio David Flores for what
demonstrates
And that is what a judge proves
I would have to decide if he's a [ __ ] real man.
stalker
This is reprehensible, I mean I say it now.
pull this is reprehensible
That is to say, this is directly condemnable.
what just did
what you just did is criminal
Because if I put This is what it takes
being a lot of months on your channel
I mean this guy YouTube should be good
video is completely reportable or rather
Now you will see it later because
I have seen a few seconds of those
directly The threat is worth or the
fully reportable video I mean yes
People report the video that I don't know
If that option exists here on YouTube already
If people report the video yes
to denounce obviously harmful or
dangerous violent repulsive by
example is worth it or so
threats physical attack okay or so
literally here what you are going to see
Now they are threats So the title tells you
is saying it or stop harassing Juan
or you're going to have to deal with me, the guy is here
The guy is completely desperate
completely desperate because he is
giving the last kicks of a drowning man and
is trying to get attention now
of the community of the other as it knows
shape you have and what are those of the
community of the other because I put in a sack
Here are the screenshots I'm sending you
to say that I'm not even going to worry about it
read them because surely what it says
You can read it if you want because
I'm not going to waste my time on that
so above and it disgusts me, it disgusts me
in question I think if I have not misread the
November 23
until yesterday which is the 1st of
November
1 2
5 and 6 up to 6 tweets
putting Juanjo down
And
what up to six you and be careful eh be careful and
Juanjo has to close his networks
harassment Hey, he knows how to count, let's see, he'll give up
six at least until six soon you're going
to have a sentence in which
the number of tweets literally doesn't matter
the number of videos I remember that
many people Oh, it's what made me 100
Oh, he made me 200 videos.
no matter the number of video you can
to make a person
500 videos a day if they are not offensive
but for example here he with only one
video is committing crimes with a
only videos or 6 the first thing is that 6
is a number
Risorio Vale and the second thing is that as if he
wants to make seven
Or if you want to do 27 a day, which one?
would be the problem
How many years has he and Juanjo de Rocío been together?
Carrasco
has been outraged with six tweets
and you how much How many videos have you played
YouTube slandering Rocío Carrasco
that has been put into a thumbnail until
take cocaine claiming that you know very well
well the pills that are taken afterwards
from taking cocaine
To Juan Hus, you already know the Juanjo blog chain
subscribe to his channel if you are not
subscribed
lest it be lest it be that it doesn't go
to be wow now I earn 100,000
subscribers at once with your
recommendation that touch gives me when
He speaks as if he has credibility. Hello
Grandpa, we love you, I love gossip
of these lollipop lollipop characters
But you are the judge to see really
anyone who is in the world
any person more or less who is not
silly
Ok, and even if he's not 4 years old, he knows very well.
that is to say that he is trying to
fact that you have just seen how I am going to
recommend Juanjo
Carmen, I'm going to tell people a kiss.
to subscribe to Juanjo
for people to say
Thanks for the recommendation now
Juanjo recommends you
as if it were the same number
Followers the one who moves one than the other
the desperation that uncle has
desperation that has
This guy is a real [ __ ] [ __ ]
and I hope that a judge like that will prove it one day
That guy is a real [ __ ] stalker
it does this to me
There are people so you can't access the
red uncle these people should have
internet banned uncle
These people should not have internet, man.
and I'm not saying it, I'm saying it with his actions
because you waste your time
that you waste your time all day
or every day there is more and more calls
because he has seen that up to now there is no
has had consequences And it is believed that it does not
you're going to have them
But this is tremendous to people like
This one should be banned from the internet
These are people who have to be
where they have to be attacking a
person
leave Juan Juan Paz uncle you and Antonio
David the two
But I'm going for you more because before no one
After all, well, there has been some time.
said something But okay That's it but
you are who you are every day every day every
day every day every day leaves Juanjo in peace
colleague
No, no, this man is fine.
you just have to see it or you don't have any topics
what to talk about if you don't get retweeted
leave Juanjo alone
He has also turned against
Juan is not the same as him
side It depends on how you give it how you give it
coffee not the same the same you wake up with
the left foot with the right foot not
There is a day when he tries to get close to a
group starts attacking guajo and there is another
day that tries to get closer down and the
another the other as as it is what it has
my mother
You are a scoundrel, uncle
editor of Antonio David you are a
Shameless, if no one tells you, I'll tell you.
I say you are a scoundrel
stop man goes Thank you very much King
five subscriptions end five members
just gave away our Ivan once
Someone said that if Juan were his son
I would deny it, I say that if Juanca were
My father would also deny it face to face.
rolling with laughter are such for
which
have you noticed 6 tweets from 23rd
November to November 1st face
rolling with laughter
rolling with laughter that has
past face stirred ridiculous apart from
that is ridiculous six
a completely ridiculous thing but
apart from the fact that it is a ridiculous figure
As if there are 100 tweets a day, you'll do it.
let's see in a sentence You will see it in
a sentence does not matter if you do 200
videos of a person
they are not important, that is, you can't do it
tell a media outlet That is
imagine brand
Imagine brand, you can't call him
Iker Casillas's brand does not look only at me
You can release a news item a week
you can take out more no
no As long as they are not insulting you
You can make 100 tweets a day and it will
that's Mati Thank you very much what's happening
What Juan is saying is not
insulting It is the truth is a criticism of
the acne where you put that I miss you
less
It's a shame about the people he has next to him
don't stop it
It surprises me a lot that people who
having acne next to him doesn't stop him because
really besides this is like
It is no longer stopping it because it is
doing it because you can get into trouble
whatever goes
It is already stopping it for your own good, not because
can get into trouble because this I
I see this through criminal and civil law.
I see it imputable everywhere
but for their own good and for their image
because he should move away from there
understand you can't do these things in
public If you don't If you are not
rehabilitated to behave in front of
society then remove yourself from society
That is, if you are not prepared to be
a civilized person still
Do what you have to do Take the
measures you have to take
If you need help looking for her, Blanca
He has 40,000 followers, I don't understand.
Pedro because in his day
churra I love your live shows but it's
a lot of crime that I get with this guy and
the other Juan I'm not a big fan of those
Greetings, babe
until a lawsuit arrives
will continue
What I'm worried about with those people is that they're a lot
Thanks with all this that you say
things of Rocío Carrasco let's see me
I guess they'll just look at it and say
but this one I'm going to tell you
for this one that I'm going to take out in one
demand
Let's see, I'm very, very, very surprised.
much much much much much much that
still
Rocio Carrasco
have not filed a lawsuit against this and
the characters who say things about her
It's okay for those who insult, it's okay for me
misses us a lot because we are
talking about a person who demands it
all
everything that has been demanded and some
sometimes things that don't even have weight
to a court and they sue him
they demand everything
It seems very strange to me that
Rocío Carrasco has not taken measures
with three or four of those in
Group's YouTube
The judge orders the Claro Man project
is that surely a type of people
So let's see, I think that a lawsuit for
right to honor you cannot excuse yourself in
that you have no problem whatsoever
send me to project man or anything like that
but of course you can't be a person like that
put yourself at his level, understands me
I mean this is tremendous, this is like
This is like the coffee has been drunk
in the morning and that made her feel bad
coffee
harass people
She pisses me off, stop harassing me
to people
and the next retweet of yours that I see that
I'll see you accusing Juan Justo.
report on Twitter
the next tweet I see from you
mentioning Juanjo
I'm telling on Twitter
I'm going to report you on Twitter
This is tremendous
let him know
The next challenge I see from you, I'm going to give it to you.
report on Twitter
There are people who have low
defending him
Enough is enough, but with the excuse that the
Sir is ill and has no money.
defamed and threatened several people
I see this as inconsequential for one
penalty. Look, obviously you're not going to
file a lawsuit for the right to honor
because that man, this man, well, of course
Look, it doesn't matter if you don't have money, eh?
I know people who have been sued and
He has no money and they assign him a lawyer
job
In this case, a lawyer is hired.
office to see if you have a payroll or
you have income they don't give you one of
profession but a person like that gives you one
He will officially defend you from that
way because in fact from what I have
understood the demands do not see or be the
defenses of those lawyers on issues
civilians don't see, that is, you are given up for lost
you understand me But what
but for example a penalty a penalty Yes
a criminal record
penalties you know what I'm telling you
a penalty for threat This is a
literally threatens
That is, there are literally threats here
apart from serious insults, that is, a criminal one
that if I were Juan and when I spoke about it
With him I'm going to tell him to go to the
police station and put it on her
I would put it on if you did it to me
I put it on you
If he does this to me, I'll put it on him.
It's a miracle I didn't put it on when he told me to.
I'm going to Seville to take a car.
It's a miracle I didn't put it on her
It's a miracle I didn't put it on her because she came up here
He asked for forgiveness and then when I saw him in
person I say but if this If you don't have
a blow
If I catch you with one hand and with the other
another I'm recording a video
suitable to go to prison to see a prisoner for a few
threats you're not going to go either unless
have more things that are I don't know
already harassing Juanjo like me there was a
only Twitter more yours
harassing Juan, I'm just going to report him
for harassment my mother because that's what
you do
you of course the guy
is a person who is not well AND
then the uncle
sold the figurines from the piece of furniture that
has behind in the guava to pay the
heating and that's why it doesn't have the
feathers to see La Movida It is that the
move It's that
He is seeing how it works
Juanjo's audience yesterday we saw not one
lady that I have reported you
who is a Wow collaborator or rather
literally if it is not presented
Complaint: It is clear that it has not been filed.
because it is Saturday obviously because the
Monday Tuesday they will surely have it
presented a lady getting in there
a mess slandering insulting good
I had been carrying a lot of fabric for a week
jewels that he had told me I must have
desire to be a follower or collaborator of
a youtuber and now get into a
what a mess you are as a lawyer
prosecutors and trials and convictions
and so on, okay, that is, if I were my mother
I would give it to myself, I would say mom for
please that
It's one thing to be a fanatic that you put
comments you know but well she will know
She will know if the move is worth it or if Ali is clear to me.
Of course it has been reported.
They know that when I say it, it becomes toxic.
a kiss of course
toxic a kiss queen But of course or
be you who have not seen the
That lady's attitude on Twitter is everything
all day all day all day it seems
a little girl or something and now it turns out
I see her collaborating on the Channel
an elderly lady
I understand that older people
In my experience it has become
a marzipan hooligan
I understand that older people in
my experience the ones I know the
Older people I know tend to
be smarter because they have more
years of life plus experience and they usually
be the voice of wisdom but it is that
all those who surround themselves in that channel do not
They are the voice of wisdom
precisely
that is, I really mean that is something that you
you are a fan of a channel but you
get into trouble in court
report Calling people
abuser
and a lot of insults during these in
A week before this week I didn't know
from her simply Yesterday she called me
Attention, yesterday we started collecting
I sent tweets to my lawyer and
He said in one go my son in one go
jerk
I mean, but in one go and then we get in
a few days before and had been giving it to him
Albert's ass, look at you when you see that
If you don't want to get into anything, give it up.
ass when seeing because when seeing he did not scold him and
He didn't say anything against Karismán.
Marina because she has become a
program with me that we are working on
It's work, so Marina doesn't get involved.
We are not a youtuber either
working on a program together
Tuesdays Well, they want to eat
attack and coerce anyone who collaborates with
us or that people are tesa Many
Thank you queen I just saw you in
Instagram and you are gorgeous
I just saw you on Instagram, gorgeous.
That lady thinks that the networks are not
are valid for the complaints not that it goes
mandarin no way Let's see This is it
exactly like TV and any
Another media has filed lawsuits against me
They had filed a lawsuit on Monday I had a
judgment
In Barcelona in January I have another trial
from another person who sued me
If you do things, people can help you.
report
It's worse for you to tell me that you slander me in
Twitter to you telling me on the street
If you tell me on the street there is no room
constancy but that you in front of thousands
of people yesterday on Twitter you put yourself to
tell me that I am an abuser and a
abuser Well, let's see, you're going to have it
to prove in court
look at that lady
It is clear that all of that when the time comes
trial will be recorded just like everyone else
Okay
Ivan called me an abuser
abuser
[Music]
I want to feel your body together
If I'm cold, if you want it
Look at that lady in a courtroom
when I tell the judge listen but you
He's calling Javi an abuser here.
abuser I don't know what and she says if it is
who messes with Juanjos
Okay ma'am but but you can
give your opinion on the YouTuber War
but you can't always slander is that
He messes with Juan, ma'am, but with you.
this youtuber has gotten into
This youtuber has messed with you, right?
but he has messed with Juan
lady
where this gentleman has a conviction for
be an abuser
Madam, where are you? Where is this gentleman?
an abuser has messed with Juan Hus
and Juan José is very good. I mean, imagine.
That lady in a game she will know about
true I mean I don't Really who
He knows me, he knows what's up
and trials are not cheap
I in every trial
in facts that have been brought against me
I can carry on defending myself between
defend me with attorneys and others
more than 10,000 euros in each insurance
Well imagine this lady when the
condemn because that is what I am sure of
which is condemnable
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with your head? Forget it.
Already by Juan Justillo Live your life help
to Antonio David to make the videos
this is all day you
with Juanjo and with Juanjo and with Juanjo
But you're crazy.
in 7 days
6 or 7 chimes or I have put here in
screen
harassing juanjus
the first thing that is not in seven days No or
either because we have seen here and Pilar us
he said let's see
This is from the 23rd of the 11th
3 1
This is the 23rd of 11 2
from two days ago three
four
five and six This is the same one has not
put the same
the one was the same as the 5 no and the 6
has not put any no
My goodness, but if it were six minutes or
It doesn't matter when they attack me
but this guy without Juan
do nothing to him and when Juanjo said
something is because they have messed with him like
It is already a habit to happen
This guy says you program sugar
ground is very bad progremati is the
same, that is, you don't need to go around with
with seconds there is no need to go around
indreams he has a video where he says
what it has taken and the problems
that life has, that is, it is not necessary
that he walks with insinuations I know very well
well what can be said what cannot be said
Okay, where is the video of the
tablets
Where is the video where it said that
Rocío Carrasco was a cocaine addict
has deleted it
has deleted the video
where he said he took cocaine
has he deleted it or what
That is, he does it and then deletes it.
has deleted it
if it even had the stripes on the
miniature
or they had it erased
has deleted it
I had this photo
caught forcing her
forcing her
Juanca spoke and sits on the bench
Rocío Carrasco and the TV factory
my mother
unprecedented statements before the
Public Prosecutor's Office
Where is that cocaine thing?
last-minute bombshell
changed the cover and title But which one?
has put
which one has put it
This tremor could be
Good afternoon
It is related and we are going to talk in silver
with coke with chocolate with all this
type of substances worth this This look
because they make it clear
Obviously this is a video that
Dew
This video is important to share because
You know that Telecinco
is erasing and is deleting the
you can share
but this was not because it was one in the
that he said this: They take this pill
those who take cocaine and I say this with
knowledge of the cause
has deleted it
has deleted it no
has deleted it has deleted it
is that either he has deleted it or he has put a
title that has nothing to do with it
I would say it's like two years old.
weeks at least
look at his other channel Javi it's true
it's true it's true
Good afternoon, as
It's true
Watch the Terrible Problems Uncovered
with substances from Rocío Carrasco this
This looks very good morning to everyone
important to share look
my goodness, it changes as if this
was fine changes it as if This
title would be good Look it is revealed
The Terrible Problems with Substances
by Rocío Carrasco and it burns on the networks
my mother
[Music]
I say it
once and for all so that you give it a like
scratch would take substances
substance because you already know what it can
be one of two or it may not be going
related to pill issues
doctors is related and we are going to talk
in silver with coke with chocolate with everything
this type of substances
because they make it very clear
in the audio you are going to listen to
that is, his own companions
He was one who was whole speaking
he was whole talking because Besides he
I said something like this, as I tell you by
experience
he said something like that if he has deleted it No to
not the best but we have it in a
straight
two weeks
my mother
He said something like this, as I tell you by
experience or something like that but I don't
agreement
I don't remember, I don't remember
But I had like
one in the miniature put lines of cocaine
or has deleted it
It looks like he deleted it.
she is a liar
I saw her placed
This is when Jorge's thing starts, it's not
who was once an uncle
It was before, uncle
that he took it easy, but he took it
orfidal who took lyric and all that
It was for drugs. When I heard it, I said:
my mother of beautiful love Yes yes but the
The point is that he says in the video itself
I tell you this with knowledge
In the video itself it says I'm telling you this because
I tell you from experience by knowledge
Something like that says Juan likes to do nothing to him
6 7 8 attacking Juanjo
But what's wrong with you, man, with Juanjo?
forget about Juan The miniature were
boxes of medicines It's true It's
true It is true
It's true when he changed it when he
changed the miniature put boxes of
medicine is true
it's true it's true
Well then I deleted it, huh?
So he deleted it, huh?
it's true it's true
very good very good it's true
is that another channel
there is no other channel no
It's true, man, it's true
The scoundrel is erased by the uncle who
It is like this
take
20-30 thousand views and then delete it
my mother
I don't know if there are any more channels. Hello.
I don't remember if there were more.
channels
a colleague
forget about Juanjo
and Live your life
help from Antonio David to make the
videos to do well on the channel
I wish him the best
Saint still to you not to you not because you
you prove that you are a bad person and
I wish you the best, Antonia Vils.
The Coward has now started he said I know
what I'm talking about
kisses hizuka i know what i'm talking about
I know from experience that he does it
He said yes yes, let's see, there's no secret.
No, I mean, if not, I wouldn't be there.
Here saying things so clearly, no
There is no secret, no, and you are evil.
and you go with evil
Antonio David Flores will have been able to do something
any criticism of Juan Julio that is a
criticism and says Antonio Vila made a
I brought Juan too but yes yes Antonio
Vila said the same thing as Juan
Lopez Anthony has told me that he is a
fuchsia disguised as blue but that's it
rejoices But you you you John you are a
person who goes with evil and that you have
Evil as a child Thank goodness
It has no strength because we are going to be a
punch in the chest I'll hit you and you
pierce the rib through the back
let's see this again this
I need a gif actually on Twitter okay
I need a gif actually on Twitter
It sounds like it's going with evil and that you have the
evil
as
look look at this look at this look look
has done so
and a little bit of it fell out of her ass
tobacco that was left there stuck between
you have it in the middle of your lungs
instag to see
you know when it moves
on his Twitter tw it is published on the 20th
November Javi okay OK I'm going to your
Twitter now Wait for me on Instagram
Pilar has sent something, I think.
Yes Pili but I wanted the pillar to me
sent to Pilar has sent me the
the [ __ ] this Pilar has sent me the
the miniature that had to be made
changed it has changed wait because
They are telling me that on their Twitter the
November 20th, let's see, let's go down
my mother
November 20th
No, I can't do it. Let's see. Look, it works.
sale
Let's see, I'm going to get rid of this one.
hey let's see if it's public
Good morning. This is still in public.
but the one with cocaine doesn't
Rocío Carrasco was taking drugs
He deleted the video, also, look, don't do it.
has not even privately deleted it
deleted look here is the catch here
It's here in case someone gets it
wants to send Rocío Carrasco, okay?
It's real. Look, okay, here's the catch.
will certify the tweet okay look here it is
the catch and the video He deleted it look
Look boom, he deleted it, okay, so it's not.
that they have it private or anything is worth it
erased
Rocío Carrasco was taking drugs and her uncle was
You think that because I put quotation marks on this like
yesterday's Twitter chick
Wow collaborator who posted some
sometimes things in quotes as if
that's what you get
look and here it even says the thumbnail
Well the miniature no that is not the one
thumbnail has deleted it look here it says
as a screenshot
Oh my goodness, and he deleted the video.
has deleted it has deleted the video
This is the video Look Juan there is
many reasons to take it easy
my mother
you're going to have to work until you're 80
years to pay the claim that they are going to make against you
put
my mother
person who goes with evil and that you have
evil as a seal on the heart
that this hand It's okay It's that this
man is not well
This man is not well.
second please that
damn, I can't find a thing
I give you the marinera
he's going to hurt himself
and that attempts more than the damage that has been done
already done in life after sinking the
people
And if Juan remains silent and does not speak clearly to you
I do speak clearly to you and you are a piece of [ __ ]
This video is completely watchable.
let's see if Juan had attacked him
him
if Juan had attacked him
imagine it's worth it
Imagine that for whatever reason
Imagine they have a move and attack
they attack you or they attack your family
whatever it is and you react and you lose it
pot in a video is justifiable more or
less understands me because you act by
nature whatever but this is
It is in a recorded video that he recorded it
I have edited it, the thumbnail is
What is being attempted is to do as
the brave the emboldened with The
Followers of John to say for
Finally we have one who stands up for
Juanjo and on top of that he's ordering people around
to subscribe to Juanjo
Javi will delete the video, it doesn't matter.
here we are seeing it
It is very criminal in the video
The worst is done for a handful of euros
Well a handful of euros
We are talking about 6000 visits
video has been extended to 8 minutes
exact equals exactly 8 minutes
Oh look WhatsApp, the 8 minutes
exact are what what demands you
YouTube to put ads in between
in which he called Alba Carrillo a [ __ ]
the thumbnail has changed but it is known
that has reached his mother
Well, first Javi we are having dinner
company and five colleagues and me
It has surprised me that you are now in
directly it deserves it we stop drinking a
kiss surra I'm not going to say it
On the contrary, if you stop drinking, stop drinking
drink
stop drinking go to the Burger to
have a quiet dinner and put on a movie
on Netflix on Disney Plus okay Never have I ever
I'm going to say that you're going to leave me
These pills are sent to you
normally
old your ribcage be careful that
you hear something break
Imagine that Juanca threatens you, okay?
It almost broke in the chest right there
doing so
knows when you pick up a drawer
an old drawer
you know when you catch when you catch a
old drawer and you turn it over and
you start hitting it pum pum and
suddenly a thumbtack clicks
a movie ticket from 5 years ago Well
Imagine what comes out of Huanca when
if you hit it so hard that
It has just been given you will know sitting in the
Batacay will have released everything there, well
type of substances Rocío Carrasco is going to
to sue insurance Juan Carlos has very
bad
sacred Thank you very much but I don't know
He tries to get Rocío Carrasco to sue him.
No
It's strange that he hasn't sued everyone
world
to everyone not to all these three to
little group that defames because she and
Fidel, everyone demands him, they demand everything
How could they not demand something like that?
These pills are sent to you
usually to people who have
usually either problems with heroin or
With cocaine churras you can say De
Where do these ruffians come from, I think?
There is someone who puts it in my path
so that we have content
and I tell you this first hand and so it is
I affirm
I tell you this first hand and I will tell you this.
white and in a bottle good white and in
bottle no, that is, it is telling you
that he knows firsthand
Listen to this Listen to this
These pills are sent to you
usually to people who have normal
a kiss Ale Thank you very much I'm not here
putting the link for the lately
members But whoever wants to
become a member that is already known
where it is worth look what it says here look
or problems with heroin or cocaine and
I tell you this first hand and I will tell you this.
I affirm without any fear Because
I know what I'm talking about
He's telling you that he has experience
In this sector it is worth it, so that
pills those medications Normally
They send it to people who take or who
They have a problem with cocaine and with
heroine in fact I think he already did this
has acknowledged on several occasions not in
your channel but I seem to remember that in the
Juanjo's Channel
Well I think Juanjo actually said it.
that Juan had had problems and
He has had a very bad time in life, I don't know what
I don't know how much and Juanca got angry with him
That is, I have the conversation where I
I told him huanca You know that Juan has
said this in a live broadcast
and he got angry, he is no one to tell it
I don't know what he does know about Juanjo until
he mocked him yes yes yes he mocked him under
he
But come on, I think the trankimazín doesn't
That's what it's for, let's see, I'm not a doctor nor do I
I'm going to give my opinion but I don't think so.
It's not because you don't have to take it
cocaine so they can send you a quiet one
so eh
two straws Thank you very much
I think that when you have a problem of
anxiety like nerves you know this
These anxious nerves that you get
that no that I don't know if you have passed that
it's a very bad time
I think that there I think that there you
They send that too, I'm not sure.
He said it on his channel too
He said that he had a problem
My grandmother takes it and it doesn't look like
put nothing in and they go, you never know who
You least expect it is around
alleys at night with Juanca
You are a piece of [ __ ] who just tries
sink people
and I tell you and I repeat it to you again
If you release another video of Juanjo
accusing him, harassing him, I'm going to report you
every Twitter you make
I'm going to report you for harassment
This video actually Oh my goodness, watch it
Look at him, he is a person who is not either
we would have to take her seriously
that treating it as what it is no but this
This tweet This video in fact I would say
that if the guy the worst thing is that the video is not
has not a single dislike
the video has to notice how they are
bread doughs
that this also needs to be studied or
be this is very strong okay
This is for you to reflect on
It is known that there is no way to get anything out of them
would give more importance and knows that I can't
put gates in the field a kiss Emilio
Oh, of course, yes, Rocío Carrasco, you mean
true that you have put man I do it
If I read Juanjo and Maika, I don't know how
has not sued them we are talking about
people who have numbers like this
better not but I don't know how to do it with the other two
They haven't sued her, this is worthy of
study
This is worthy of study
The video has almost a thousand likes
there are a thousand people
With only 6,000 visits, oh, how scary, Javi.
You better not say Sarcasm crying face
strong face twisting
Queen, this is worth studying.
apart from the fact that there is no dislike
very good night
I don't know if this is not working well
see, I'm going to get in
Yes yes it works
Yes, it works, that is, it doesn't have a single dislike.
the video but it has dislike
Although not even if it had a thousand dislikes
there are almost a thousand people
there are almost 1000 people
Be careful Juan, this one has been close.
to catch The rise to Madrid now What
He's a pharmacist, what a thick skin he has.
This guy kisses fifth. Thank you king.
a thousand people almost a thousand people have
liked this video
if there are approximately
a thousand people
that you see well This video
Do you understand what the real problem is?
The problem is not only that
let's have one here
to a failed big brother project
an older brother your father's age
making videos on YouTube The problem
It's not that we have this project here
man The problem is that there is
with only 6,000 visits
almost a thousand people who have seen well
This video
What kind of people
You see this well because it literally means that
the video is threats
threats, insults and slander
What kind of people would have liked it?
to a video
where they are defending Juan Justo from
this way
Maybe Juanca isn't the only one
that the internet should be taken away
maybe it's not Huanca The only one who
the internet should be taken away
This is very This is the most serious
This is the most serious thing
If I get like this in a video
aggressively threaten someone
that has not done anything to me I think that my
own community would give me a touch no
would give me 1000 Likes
Javi, let's read the comments now.
the Jose
This is the serious thing
that there are certain people you shouldn't
both should not be on the internet anymore and
They are and some have made them millionaires
because people read them
There is no more community, how are you?
Welcome to a new video
of the tone eh Look how the video starts
Look, look, look, very good night
community how are you Welcome to
A new video from Juanca Blog
if you make a video
impulsively because you're pissed off
you say hello like this, he's putting on a show
is doing like a kind of
performance
getting involved in a topic that doesn't concern him
as if getting excited to see if he wins
Hello friends, how are you?
Welcome to a new video from Juanca
Blog I tell you and I repeat it to you again
If you release another video of Juanjo
accusing him, harassing him, I'm going to report you
every Twitter you make
If instead of giving a thousand likes you give a thousand
people would have done the right thing
would be to denounce
violent content
physical attack I would say eh
or harassment, intimidation, to see
bullying harassment could also be or
So this video is wrong all over the place.
parts This video at the moment that the
People report them and YouTube verifies it.
it is closed
but they like it they like it
I'm going to report you for harassment
for harassment
let him know
and I'm going to tell you this time that you are
watching this video I'm not going to tell you
never again
next time maybe you will
cost to have your account closed
Twitter for stalker because that was it
that you are
to spend all day harassing someone
person and yes Juanjo is very good very
good person and he keeps quiet, I don't keep quiet
I'll put the batteries in you
It is that this one believes that because in the
neighborhood things work like that you know in
the alley where he had a fight with the
people whatever things work like this
they believe that it is believed that it is believed that
here is going to intimidate someone like that
That is, the first thing is that you put yourself
in front, that is, the first thing is that you
You confront anyone like that
and they slap you juanca they slap you
slap that they take out of your vest this
that you have put on Christmas that's it
First thing second that anyone with
arguments give you a good beating
in the pants and the second thing that this
video is legally reportable
criminally civilly and reportable of
YouTube or this video is an extra and
directly
This video directly if people
complaint is strike automatically
the channel is left with a warning for
harassment
And it never goes away in the
life
This is not like copyright spray
that they named Kalimán
What a pity there are no sticks for the bridge.
Czech I don't understand your message
Enough already man Enough already with the same and
for not increasing what they have done about
my character other topics that have not
done nothing about his person
I don't want to go in now but you can stay.
Of course Juan, let it be clear to you. Look,
After seeing the 8 minutes, he touched the mobile phone
look
If you notice, look, okay, here it goes
At minute 7, pay attention to a detail that is worth it.
Pay attention to this detail, attentive to what you see.
know
and I'm going to tell you this time that you are
watching this video I have never done drugs
point I take those pills it offends me
the whole channel eh
I'm not going to tell you again
next time maybe you will
cost to have your account closed
Twitter for stalker because that's what
that you are what you are for being everything
the day harassing a person and if
Juanjo is very good, a very good person
I don't keep quiet, I'll put the on you
batteries
you go to who are you going to put the batteries
man Enough with the same and for not
increase what they have done to me But
you you you Juan you are a person who goes
with evil and that you have evil as
seal on the heart
This part of my favorite, that is, this
part of my favorite is that it gives me the
feeling that it is like that and it also sounds like that
as well as hollow because it is almost
He won't even have lungs, no, and that's how it is and he leaves.
the remains of a come out through the middle
ashtray of an ashtray that puts everything in
know how old you are, not something like that
and it sounds hollow and the remains of a fall
ashtray with nozzles and other things
This gentleman has a serious problem
himself is his own worst enemy points and
Someone close to you loves you or has a thing for you
minimum of affection please take it away
internet face throwing a kiss face
smiling with heart eyes
and you try to bring people down
And if Juan remains silent and does not speak clearly to you
I do speak clearly to you and you are a piece of [ __ ]
Of course [ __ ] that just tries to sink
people
and I tell you and I repeat it to you again
If you release another video of Juanjo
accusing him But wait Wait wait
I want my favorite part one last time
but wait wait
and Live your life helps so much still do
the videos to do well in the
channel that I wish you the best
of Santo still to you not to you not because
you prove that you are a bad person
and you have evil
and you go with evil
before David Flores he will have been able to do
but you you you Juan you are a person who
goes with evil
but that's it, he doesn't rejoice. Someone tells me
can make a gif of the you you you
to put it here when people tell us
done
you can do that
air
I don't know if anyone is here or places or
some air can you make me the MP3 with the
tututu and the and the gif to put it here
when they donate to me
But you you you Juan you are a person who
goes with evil and that you have evil
like a seal in the heart until there until
there I think that this would be the fact I
I think it would be a perfect notification
for this channel for every time they give me
pasta is worth it
but that's it, he doesn't rejoice, but you, you
You Juan are a person who goes with
evil and that you have evil as a seal
in the heart
Be careful, I see him at the door.
from Carrefour collecting carts and me
I'm going somewhere else
Mother of God
and you try to bring people down
And if you play I put a comment in
You will see this video the more you keep quiet
Thank you because it was and I don't speak clearly to you.
I do speak clearly to you and you are a piece of [ __ ]
[ __ ] that was a [ __ ] that only
tries to sink people
and I tell you and I repeat it to you again
If you release another video of Juan or
accusing him
I'm going to report you for free if you harass him.
what you do
I'm going to report you for harassment
for harassment
that and there you see the playing of the
mobile because look at this This is what you
I told you to pay attention
In the third you the guy spits face
vomiting face vomiting several times
times in the video Rebecca a kiss here yes
You see he is waiting for his cell phone because
He's calculating the time, that is, the guy
Here it goes, look, you see it at 7
minutes 12 and is waiting for the
video is 8 minutes long
for harassment
that he knows is looking to see how many
minutes takes to put it in the
screen and when it goes to eight Look
There man, enough with the same and for
not to increase what they have done to me
person that other topic
But let it be clear to you, Juan, that you
Let it be clear that the path that leads to change
that is totally wrong
fair
just just just just just just just
Also the video is edited or this is it
It's not an improvised video, the video is worth it.
It is edited because it has some other
cut and then if you look at the end it is
a cut, that is, it does not hit the button for
stop recording is a cut Look
change the path silent Lady are 8
minutes are not 10 it was formerly ago
two or three years were 10 minutes but
since last year the other one was put
at 8 I think it was last year that it is
totally wrong
or maybe he has it scheduled for
that records up to 8 let's see let's read the
comments
you will end up accumulating a sentence because mother
you are a character
Let Juan defend himself
Juanca is not worth mentioning.
because it gives more audience
Juanka, I'm glad that your colleagues
get along well
I hope your tantrum passes.
the guy is uploading a threatening video
and Maite cpe puts me glad that the
colleagues, get along well
with this audience with the marzipans no
nothing can be done
That is, nothing can be done, it is a case
already lost apart
You are a good friend, Juanca.
They are quite jealous of Juanjo
I really dislike that man
I mean, they don't even know what it means
the word jealousy or in any case
Elizabeth Thank you very much
In any case In any case
someone could have it
envy the word is envy envy not
is synonymous with jealousy
Envy is one thing and jealousy is another. Sorry.
envy for example what he has for me
plays with me with my way of speaking with
my way of explaining my way of doing things
the videos my physique Okay and jealousy
is that you are jealous Because someone
meets with someone and not with you and he is
Leaving aside those are jealousies because you
couple leaves with another jealousy something else
Calm down Juancar, you are a good person.
my mother
the people around you Starting with the
girlfriend And the editor is not doing it
good
Don't get angry, everyone stays as they are and
This is the same as the Sevillian one
Juanjos must be happy about it
to have a friend who stands up for himself like that
he hearts hearts hearts
juancar Thank you for defending Juanjo
My goodness, very well, Juanca. You have all the
reason that's how the real ones are made
colleagues Not like many others
my mother
Juanca, you are sensational
I'm glad you're defending below
mother, you're absolutely right
That guy doesn't inspire confidence, you're a
good partner and you are right
Cheer up and get on with it. We love you.
very well juanca
when Juanjo doesn't talk about any
youtuber and doesn't let anyone talk about
none on your channel
This guy should get off the internet.
hurts kiss Elena you are a good person
my mother
Juanca Thank you for defending Juanjo
It couldn't be said more clearly
Bravo Juancar
You are a good person
What happens to this man is envy
filthy
Thank you for your support to the community of
Alasans
You are worth it, Juanca.
I applaud your bravery, Juanca.
person of principles and values
You're right, that's what we're all seeing.
Follow in the footsteps of his colleague El Olivo
My goodness, my goodness, I didn't expect this.
comments
Juanca, you are a very good person
Hello Juanca, I am a subscriber to the channel
Marina Campos today she has given you her
support and has spoken very well of you of course
if they are all the same
This is the society of our people
today today
Very well, Juan almost spoke things out.
very clearly and calling him by his name
name
juanca is jealousy because juanjus is the one
best of all
Oh oh oh oh you're absolutely right Juanca
Thank goodness we have the best
YouTubers
Maica and Juanca
Congratulations on your videos today
Juanca, how right you are
Juanca Thank you for defending Juanjo.
one of the best youtubers and the
envy is very bad
Bravo Juanca blog the healthy community
will always be with you
I didn't expect them to be so
shameless
The healthy community applauds this. Of course.
if they are as they are
You saw it yesterday in the video I made of the
lady eh
lady
You usually say Javi that we have a
tremendous problem due to the amount of
short ones who vote I think it's worse
seeing those comments from
people who do not distinguish between good and evil
Evil no no Wait wait for my comment
It doesn't come out, I'm sure the cobar deleted it.
because it was erased for now
the fact that he has values ​​and principles has
had a funny face screaming in fear
face screaming in fear
The problem is that I think that and it
I say sincerely, I have said it many times
times it's worth it And there are people who have
laughed at me for saying it but I think
that there are most of the people in the world
she's silly
Let's see how I explain it. I think that the
Most people in the world are stupid
if you notice
Let's see, I could spend an hour
explaining This is fine but I think that
If we divide people by IQ there are more
percentage of people who are idiots
people who are more or less
intelligent and very intelligent
the percentage is much lower
I have said this many times and people
the illiterate and the foolish laugh at
Oh they're saying you're in another
level no no literal this is one of the
demonstrations
This is one of the demonstrations
Look, we had a community that
we all shared has been divided and the
vast majority because it is true that now
same has more public they have gone with
These three
For example, if I put myself if I were to
I go and say criminal things in a
directly I believe that my community does not
I would put these comments and it would give me 1000
like or whatever but give you could or could
be explaining for an hour if
It was necessary to look at you and realize that this
It's as simple as that in reality
In reality, Juanjo is the one who records
even with Antonio de Villa
fired from Telecinco when he had already
four episodes of the docuseries he
he messed with Antonio David he messed with the
children of Antonio David and suddenly
When he sees that it gives him more money, he says it
contrary Says I'm going to say the opposite
He says it and that's it and he forgets this is
like when he hinted that Antonio saw
abuser
that was this same year the score was
land if the punishment collar I don't know
I don't know how much and when he saw that
people did not accept it the next day
denied having said anything and his own
community says it is a lie that it
say
you understand me or rather this is the Here it is
Here you have reflected most of the
society
the majority of society is therefore
see how I say this without sounding bad
I just don't know how to say it without it sounding
bad and I don't want anyone to be offended
explain it very clearly
It could offend a lot of people, okay, but
as I say
is that many people would be offended and
would misinterpret because on top of that No
They would understand my message. Okay, but there is one
the vast majority of society is like this
who live day to day on the street
with people like Juan like Juanca or rather
Anyone can stand it. Well, I see.
bench on the street like that shouting like that and
threatening like that and I would call the
police
I mean, imagine this man doing
This is on the street, look, now we continue on
here with the comments it's okay or so
Imagine this man like this on the street.
look
because you prove that you are a bad
person and you have evil
look there at the minutes left
thinking between sentences denotes that
no that something is not right inside you
head does not connect there is not a neuron that
connect with the other at that moment with
what he's saying you know is touched
person and you have evil
you keep thinking and you go with malice
reconnect something You know and now be
that again
pilladolid flowers will have rotten to do
I'm not saying any criticism of Juan.
making fun of him don't get it wrong
I'm completely serious, that is, I do.
I see such a person if I can get close
Without it being dangerous, I'll help you, okay?
I help you I offer you But I do see it
so I literally call the police
Look
you you Juan are a person who goes with
evil and that you have evil as a seal
in the heart
I would call the police, okay, I mean, I wouldn't.
I would leave it, or rather, imagine it in any
restaurant in any bar in a
ice cream shop that you suddenly see this
situation on the street of this man like this
addressing a person or that is It is that
I don't think I've lost my papers either.
I've come this far
It's just tremendous
And instead of [ __ ] and saying [ __ ]
for the good not of this person for the
good
Get off the internet, no, you're not ready.
for the civilized world to be
exposed to the public no not be here
applauding him saying that what he is doing
doing is good
so this tells you something about you
says something about this person not about
about this person and about society and
especially about the community they have
I mean, I'm sure that anyone
My follower doesn't say these comments
You can send it, it has content.
clapping or rather it is that really
Juanca, envy is like that, she can't stand it
juanju is succeeding with his work and
have Amador on his side, that is, look at the
State lyrical mentality, eh Juanca
Envy is like that, they can't stand it
juanjustes is succeeding with his
work and have Amador on your side, that is
I was your mentality and level that
These little people have this
community or rather they believe Look what
You're right, Juanca, you're right.
and clapping by putting clapping emoji
They are little people who are not, let's see, they are
the lowest
and in his mind the others do criticize
down is because we are envious that
Amador is on your side
Amador
I don't know, we go between Maica and the other one.
Amador, that is, they are a gang that we go
can roll torrent can roll
torrents easily or this is
brutal
it's brutal
[Music]
Thank you very much, it's brutal.
I have no other words but it is brutal
one second
very scared kara writhing around
laughter Greetings Javi
I am even more afraid of the fact that
that I have a look, look
I'm not recording the excerpt anymore.
Shame but look, ole olé olé you are a good one
friend of Juan Hus
blue hearts on top with all the
grapefruits we are juanca with you
They don't have any mentality
They have croquettes inside their heads.
they don't have any brains at all
Croquettes don't have any neurons or anything.
They fried last night and they sell everything.
fewer neurons
I mean, but this is brutal
It's just that it's brutal, it's just that it's brutal
Now I understand that no matter how much you
explain things no matter how much you
explain the little things they don't understand
If it is that no matter how much you explain to them
will be of the same level in all
senses
They have just enough to piss and defecate, of course.
For me, that's my explanation, eh. For me,
My explanation is that, eh, my explanation
is that a larger percentage of the population is
like these people
dude, it's literally a video of a
gentleman who seems to have come out of
project man if it hasn't been
recognized by him that he has had
problems with those substances and with the
pills that he has taken I don't know I don't know
how much or is a gentleman who himself has you
recognized in the videos
what has taken
and the problems he has had in life
and apart from that you can see it, you know, so no
It's no secret we are not either
here taking out you know and people don't
Only these people take it seriously.
not only do they take it seriously but the gentleman
one day he insults, another day he insults
Antonio David insults Javier another day
oliveira another holiday Wow another
once he insults him again
and suddenly they put on a video
literally threaten
threaten a person
beating himself on the chest, insulting no
I know what
and the lady sees it well
Bravo
You are right, you are a very good friend of
Juan Hus is jealous of him because Amador
Amador is with him, he is with whom he has
that being or being me Amador Mohedano does not
I would imagine it on my channel for example.
that I wouldn't imagine it It would be for
do a good interview with him
catching him catching him where he needs to be
catch what they are not going to take out of him in the
another channel on the other channel they do it
massages understand me
my goodness, I mean, if you criticize Juanjos
it is harassment
but this guy can be committing crimes
in a video quietly
Mother of God
They are people to be treated
especially or be it Speaking clearly and
It is simply worth it, they are people for
treat them separately
to treat them separately as what they are
are
They are little people to be treated in a way
special
I'm afraid they've released the colt
Vallecas
These people decide the destiny of Spain
when voting
Exactly Exactly Exactly
Look at the homeland of space
I just saw Look over the lady is
I didn't do it yesterday, today is the Day of the
disability the video I told you about yesterday
No. And the homeland responded with another
Saska laughs and laughs the asylum does not
defrauds
It's just that there's no way to catch them.
there is no way to catch it
Well, let's move on to a topic that
It is true that you are also going to hallucinate
okay or so here you're going to see how it is
drags the rock and how important it is
how important it is in life to be
someone in this internet world in
this little world of hypocrisy
to call it ass-kissing, to call it ass-kissing
you want it's worth literally here no
It matters what you do what matters
who does it for this kind of people
govern we can
Well, the PSOE is governing us together.
We can say that there is nothing there at all
Okay, sea. But anyway, a kiss, sea.
Thank you so much, Mar, you could have
written something queen with six euros
Next year there are elections
Generals, you want to see how there is
so many [ __ ] in Spain
so many idiots in Spain who are coming back
to leave after everything that has happened
in these four years
You want to see that they do not have
that we do not have what we deserve
any other country and I'll be a rally
short okay because you are
interrupting the extract I'm
starting in any other country Irene
Huntsman
I feel proud to belong to this
community hands clapping hands
clapping hands clapping for everyone
in any other country Irene Montero
I would be out on the street without
settlement not even for life or
host without severance pay without unemployment
any country that had a minimum of
dignity and would like to be responsible for the
people of what is really very is a
very big responsibility to be a
minister to have a position that can also
manage the money we all pay O
be you imagine being any manager
manager of a franchise or
Anything like that is worth it, you have one.
responsibility in your hands Okay then
Imagine a person who drives and has
access to the money we all pay to
money that we all sweat and pay him
an outrage to the State so that it does not
lack of health care, that is not the excuse
May there be no lack of health, may there be no lack
education that there is no shortage of traffic lights with
skirt and now he takes you and you spend on one
campaign where among other things it tells you
a drawing copied from four fat women in
bikini is worth or a drawing, that is, the drawing
this one so that fat girls can go
To the beach in a bikini is worth this drawing
that they stole from other models without asking
permit 85,000 euros you know what it is
past this past week is worth apart from
put these ladies in bikinis that
One of them drew a leg to put on it
armpit hair this past week
They wanted to report a company
wines because they had a drawing of a
woman in a swimsuit if they are the best
Ok, and now with what they've done last
with this announcement that they apparently say
that the campaign
Apparently they say that the campaign
It cost one million euros
Spanish
It's worth messing with Pablo Moto and
cover up a little the scandal they have made
with a law that Irene Montero has made
that puts rapists on the streets
Okay
any person any any
person not sorry any decent country
in any country that had a
president with balls
with character and seriousness not one
Toy Story puppet is worth that lady
I would be out on the street, that is, yes
I am working in a bar and the cash register
It doesn't fit for two weeks you leave
to the [ __ ] street
If you are working with a
wheelbarrow and you're late all week
and there are missing items on the delivery note, you
you go to the [ __ ] street
If you are working in a
supermarket and at the end of the month it doesn't add up
the inventory you go to the [ __ ] street
Here they make fun of us because
We are fools because most of us
society is like what we just saw
I thought we were only in Latin America
[ __ ] no no no no no it's not what it's about
that is the largest percentage of the people
It is about that this is the biggest
percentage of the people
and that's it and nothing happens
no it's not this is the video okay I'm
taking a long time but
The other day we saw how in a meeting of the
PSOE a kid approached with a
microphone and they told a lady
Madam, are you voting for the PSOE after
all the convicts who have been released
corruption I don't know that I don't know how much it says
She's none of my business. I vote for the PSOE.
because since I was a child my father threw it away
[ __ ] it up the ass or whatever
It is what it is, it is what it is and well
Apart from that, it is worth subscribing to the Channel
forgive me for the long intro
I hope the one with the minutes is in the
comment box for people to
can skip this part if you don't like it
I'm interested and I'll tell you what happened.
Okay, I'll tell you about La Movida. Okay, I'll tell you about La Movida.
mobility and this proves me right
once again to what I have always said about
this little group of the Guay or those who
They want to be cool, so kissing ass is worth it.
It just turns out that ibai has
announced that I certainly responded to him
to the tweet and people have started
insult me, I responded to the tweet no
asking to participate
that if he invited me and I went to participate
I would participate head on because it is
work is worth it, I mean, I've already said it a
many times okay I have explained it
I have explained about the rewin with the thing about the
events to which I am invited and
events to which I am not invited are fine
These people when they are in tortillaland
when they are in London when they are in
Marbella and this type of
collaborations that make a group not a series
Okay, these people, there are many among them.
that you can't see, I have many
of them and I tell you this, okay, you know.
I say first hand and I can have
many mistakes
and I have many mistakes but what
They never catch me, it's a lie
It's never worth it. I have messages from
youtubers from the group of cool guys who are
They contact me to pass me on
gossip and other people's [ __ ] and then I
I see them in the series collaborating on editing
cubes together painting a little house
together these people are worth among themselves
many do not get along and cannot be seen and
Many of them then do not speak to each other and
They pretend in the series that they get along because
facing the public what they do
I understand it. I'm not criticizing it.
As such I think it would not be worth it
some depends okay or so if I
You say you collaborate with certain YouTubes.
Well, I couldn't, although I wouldn't care.
That is to say, they have put me in London for
For example, they put me in London and
London Hey I found out once that
I was invited and I found out that there was
certain people I've had with
certain personal things and that have
attacked even me and my family you know
and then however
I said well London is very big no
I have to come across it and if I
I cross paths with them and act like a
professional I play the role I try to remove myself
off the map as quickly as possible without
However, they did their best
This was told to me by the administrators
and they even taught me what they
They said what they asked and nothing else.
They got intense with the
administrators to throw that at me
It is called for me In my opinion it is called
moving I mean I would never ask for that
someone will be fired from work
pushing for friendships and things for the
style I've never done it with these
people or with any, that is to say, ask that
They kick you out of a company with a brand like that
It's very serious, okay, that's very strong.
I have criticized the rewin which by the way
This is something that the Mongols
They have also made it in my face, I have
criticized the rewin Yes if they invite me to
that he participates like the other day
day he posted a tweet knowing it was the
This cool guy wasn't going to call me because I know
that grefg would be angry with him
surely if I got into the rewin
Okay, I have criticized and if I
you invite of course the first thing is work
second has nothing to do with it I can
criticize a youtuber with whom I
I can criticize a YouTuber
that I have interviewed him, I can
criticize an event and then participate in it
what are we talking about here
things work by eating dick here
things work by eating us
[ __ ] Yes now you're going to see it in this
tweet that I'm going to show you these
What I'm going to show you now is amazing.
It's amazing to stay until the end
from the extract
If I criticize the YouTube rewind,
official
YouTube is going to invite me again
If you criticize YouTube, YouTube won't criticize me.
I'm going to be kicked out by people.
criticized Dallas or Chardeo because
they have been kicked out or because they have been banned
when they have said something bad about the
platform and then they have the balls
the same people who criticize me
for accepting or would accept being put in
in the rewin after having criticized it
That is to say, the hypocrisy is tremendous but the
hypocrisy You'll see it, okay, not now
Here the thing works by eating the
eggs and so on okay And because you are
friend of someone or not without more worth And for
interest
ibai has announced an event
and vay has announced an event that is the
next voucher
This December 11th comes the last one in
foot 10 streamer standing inside his zone
The last one standing wins it all live
no time limit okay you put it without
time limit on what you have
that will last I will give 30,000 euros to the cause
charity chosen by the winner and the
winner will take another 30,000 not that
I was responding to ibai's tweet
telling him that well the winner lives
In Spain, the other 15 will take 15,000
The Treasury takes it, okay?
What's happening is that it's very good
a contest I don't really like them
contests made almost by me
I would love for someone to invite me to the one who
asked this one of the questions that seemed
like a TV dish or whatever
It turns out that I want gold
did this event before summer in
April is worth it
an event of 100 youtubers and won no
I know what the prize was
I don't remember what the prize was
will endure better know what they did
Those of you who follow the gossip know what happened
No
they canceled
They canceled Quero Oro because they said
Well now you're going to see how they were going
to propose an infinite event that could
cause illness or death
someone
in fact he probably has videos
gossip channels are okay, they canceled it
I don't know if it's YouTube gossip, let's see.
I'm looking for it. I think I didn't talk about it.
topic is worth it
they had to gold
You're going to freak out with what I'm going to teach you.
the issue was cancelled that gold Okay
What has happened? You are going to see it.
continuation and it's impressive okay
look this is it
the editor
the little eBay editor, this guy, ally
this guy is an ally
that idiot who started insulting me
in a guy the [ __ ] nerve to call me
[ __ ] for the [ __ ] face the other day
He also messed with me when I
was when he was criticizing me
free of charge the Ally of racist
Saints are equally hypocritical, it is worth taking a look.
Ricky Vale referring to the event of
that gold This was the keroro event
okay without YouTube the last one to close
direct win a thousand euros the rules do not
Sleep is fine, then. Look at what it says.
Ricky the editor of ibai is worth ignoring the
madness that is this is also bannable
At what point did 100 people not get
it happens XD
eBay's editor isn't coming out now
to criticize eBay because it went and paid them
more than 15,000 turkeys a month that he earns
Okay
and tells him that the gold But how is it going to be
bannable literally is xddd
But what is this Greg thing? But what is it?
This can even kill people
ElRubius
I pay a thousand dollars to the first person to close
direct I hope not blondes and gray
participate in the device
Misandi with facts is going to die of laughter
Okay my Sandy answer I know you're smart
and you will not participate
you are sitting
ask to see
like the live stream right now if
You're all sitting down, come on
like right now thumbs up if you are
you are sitting
My Sandy responding to Ibai's tweet
just the 30,000 I need
It's that they are not the same. Let's see, it's not the same.
same 1000 as 30,000 Of course my Sandy
A thousand is not the same as 30,000, of course.
I don't know who this is, Vale Valle.
100 fools doing foolish things
rules be silly
but nevertheless
has responded to the ibai event
saying
I hold back my thoughts of not living
Every day I can stand
a few hours
I don't know if places have sent me some
more but
This isn't even hypocrisy, man. It is.
that this is not even
Let's see what place he sent me
It's that this is not even that they have
changed my mind over the years
That is to say, the thing about the gold being
in April uncle
I mean, the fact that this gold is incredible
Misandi's is incredible, mine
Sandy that is incredible but this is
is that he is the editor uncle is the editor of
ibai uncle April 28 uncle
If these people are worthless
uncle they are worthless
I guess it's because of the lack of sleep I think
which doesn't have much to do with who it is
organize uncle but with whom participate and
how to promote it by forcing yourself not to sleep
She's an ally, dude, she blows her head off and
can harm Mental Health
egg
I hope Ricky doesn't run.
I appreciate you more than gold But this
It seems dangerous to me
It's that it's not this, we've already done it.
seen with many things no
We have seen it with many things, okay? And
It's not about what, it's always about what
It's about who
It depends on who it is if you are weaker or
less better seen Ok then you can
Cancel you can be pointed out they can point you out
stomping can get you banned from events okay
But if you are a person who has to
deep throat her or suck her
the feet to invite you
let's get down to business, okay?
without cutting a hair, without erasing or
not even your previous one because you for
at least if you delete the old tweet
He still hides it, but it's not like he doesn't
you have no shame
Let's see, you're asking me to see a lot.
the Turbo plan video
I'm asking myself a lot to look at the
turboplan video how many likes does it have
the live to see what I see
1400 likes for the live stream with 2000 people
here
I'm missing 600 Likes
I'm missing 600 online
I know that the videos of your plan usually
be very humorous uncle but I now
same at a quarter to 11 at night
Super Angel, thank you so much, King.
for me to watch a video now of
Turbo plan the thing has to be
[ __ ]
things must be [ __ ] up
made a Turbo plan video to be yuki
What's new, let's see what I see here
missing look they are going up now
I see that I'm missing like 500
likes That is, if we give it 500 likes now
I'll stay live, do it for
Argentina who won the match against me
Argentina I'm very sorry but I
brings very weak
founded right now
No man, I already have enough. No, seriously.
I don't give a damn, but I don't give a damn
Anyone who isn't me comes, comes, comes
Come on, I'm missing 100 likes, come on, let's go
see him see Turbo plan apparently has
uploaded one of his humorous videos
But who is the scriptwriter of this channel?
So, who is the screenwriter of Turbo?
plan
Star yuki has done it again very well
Regrettable video thief. Well, let's go.
Let's see what he stole and come on, it's good. What
such people Welcome to your channel
favorite of the Democratic Republic of
Congo I tell you the situation is
that for this video I had
thought then to talk then about what it is
What happened in the end with Staryuki all the time?
controversy that there was because well
Lately in the live shows I see a lot
people who ask me hey what happened with
staryuu and such So my idea with this
This was the video but it turns out that it is that
really, he already did it, right? Or is it him?
already did it literally no
I think he made a video
Clear Look
Here is look after my interview
aurora watch auronplay attacks
staryuki and clarify the whole truth
My goodness, what the boy has with
This Chucky I don't want to do it but I know
that with this video there is going to be a mess And it is that
I can't avoid my plan with this
video was simply to comment on what
This is what happened to make a summary because
the story Well the truth is that it was
funny but it turns out that I have
found something that is really that
It pissed me off, I swear, or rather, before
estar yuki was dedicated to stealing content
from auronplay to summarize it in a channel
Well, he said it wasn't his because
It turned out that it was his. Well.
They insulted me and everything and in the end
we ended up discovering that it was
yours the good channel Well it turns out that
Now I find out that Staryuki is
dedicated to stealing content but from TikTok
This is not going to end well, this reaction
true I mean
estar yuki is dedicated to stealing content
from tik Tok Or tiktok plagiarism that they are
original ideas and makes them your own or how
At first I said, well it won't be for
not so much but I'll start investigating one
for one the videos and I see that
practically all the videos you upload
your tiktok are literally stolen
Something is happening to me
head the operation of Tito Pero
I hope it's not what I'm
thinking
thinking wait other youtubers I don't know if
Do you remember the video I uploaded about it?
Natcher's case is not a very TikToker
famous who even did promotions with
McDonald's and everything that was dedicated to
stealing TikTok videos from other creators
smaller no
clear or in other words, in the plan that someone has
an idea and makes a tiktok
Ok, someone has an idea and it's a
and copies it as they were small Well, nobody
leave that to what he is referring to O
This is what I'm imagining
This is what I'm imagining was given
Well, this TikToker, believe me.
It's that at first I said no, it's not that no
It may be another time, but believe me,
being yuki is 80 times worse or rather it is that
worst all the videos of worst all his
account stolen one by one The same
gestures the same words we're all going to
Enter Now to analyze in more depth
This but first for all the people
Well, that I don't know or that I'm here new and
Say here that But what happened to staryuki
because I don't think that's what you're getting
imagining I hope I'm going to see you
say what I'm imagining what
I'm imagining they are the trends, I don't know
If you pronounce it like that, the trending ones
trends you know what the three are is not
basically how tiktok works
that is, literally when a train leaves
When a train leaves, many people
does it to everyone, even the
TV personalities, YouTubers
famous people
is that it or rather I don't think it is that, no
trains not the trains
I mean, but literally TikTok works.
in a way that you click on it
to the audio you are watching Tito Imagine
I'm looking at staryuki's account and
There is a trend that I like, okay? I
agreement that for example I made that of
how toxic
get away from your toxicity
Give me back my cell phone, I don't know what it is.
I did not
That is to say, that is a trend and each one decides it.
He does what he can but it is that
literally tiktok works with you
you give him
to the audio and the same audio That is, you do
the video with the same audio as another
tiktok I hope it's not that
It is true that history has I
I hope what Turbo is criticizing
plan and what you are going to present are as it is
from natcher So you make plagiarism
sketch you invent the script and
you literally copy it
It's funny not because no one
I am too old for that.
You say Javi from TikTok is calling for a kiss.
I believed and everyone attacked me until
One day suddenly auronplay came out and said
four things about staryuki and there
Everyone already said, well, wow.
Well, it seems that Turbo Plan was right.
but until that moment everyone
He even attacked all the channels of
criticism, that is, people I know don't
They supported the whole Staryuki issue
then when auronplay came out talk about
all this, most of them, well, well
There they didn't say anything good I start the
history from the beginning
Who said nothing
I mean, I think directly
I think literally
look
This topic I said let's see what
I understand that when you are ready and not
only to her but not because she put it there
below
let's see the
dude, I did see a lot of people criticizing
What what what Let's see Look
[ __ ] life the truth
my [ __ ] life never never but
If you want to see videos, watch them. That is to say
I don't know how to say it.
like
reacting to videos on Twitch is fine
There it seems strange to me is your permission
because I keep stopping the video of
meat the truth Clear clear
I can't get there and if you want to see
videos today he doesn't speak but he is still a
a little weird no I wouldn't do it But hey
Everyone listens to what feels right
but maybe the original does come to me
sounds like I mentioned Turbo plan
I think I mentioned turbo
let's see the original
sometimes I watch Dross videos the video
lasts 10 videos
then it is possible that maybe the
chicks were for her some chicks
that I gave I have spoken with her in my
[ __ ] life then it is possible that at the
better you don't know that until then No
I arrived. Well, hey, here's Yuki, let's see what
no, that girls are not dedicated
only to that No I don't have anything in
against her I do not know her I have not
spoken to her in my life and if she wants
watch videos on Twitch Hey let me watch them and
Ah I wouldn't do it but to YouTube While
She is having dinner and she doesn't speak anyway.
It's a little weird, no, I wouldn't do it. But
Hey everyone, listen to what you feel like doing.
good
Raúl, I tell you from the heart, it sounds to me that
I said it on the live stream
I think I said it No
Of course, I mean, we could do it.
monetized, that is, you eating a
steak, whatever you get
video
Well, I said, well.
If you want to see it, it never sounds to me
yes I said Turbo plan just gave me a
zacano
For example, I have taken out several
copy no we have talked about it
just a few minutes ago, like
I have messed with her a lot because
It's becoming a disaster, let's see the people
He has messed with her a lot because he says
who takes advantage of reacting to your videos
Okay, and what I said when I didn't
I would like that precisely
that you don't care, I think they had
attacked several I also see theaters
It's more shitty to condemn
and it seems that this was then asked of him
It was hers She said we won't see the
click twice Ah, your plan says so
So then why does he say that no one
He said nothing, meaning he puts the clip himself
So why do you say that no one said?
nothing, very briefly, everything started because
I uploaded a video making a review
the videos reactions and saying well
that didn't seem half normal to me
amount of reaction videos I made
This girl staryuki who was uploading a channel
which is called Bunny Army and which had
uploaded there like 200 videos of auronplay
He just put on his face and was
gaining views and a lot of
advertising thanks to that here what is it
What was happening? Well, of course it's not the same.
make a reaction video where you
You comment and contribute something to the video.
that a video reaction in which he did
She didn't say that she would start eating and not say anything
nothing and I just put the video on
from auronplay and did not contribute at all
Nothing, what's going on, this Boney channel
Army Well he said After I got on
My video review Well, that channel, well
it wasn't from staryuki not even then
They attacked me by telling me that I didn't
I failed when I saw this and I was left
as let's see I understand that good that my
video review Well, you didn't like it
that it is but neither Cuba Beto nor I have you
insulted I mean it seemed a little to me I said
but well it is bothering them and they are
It's bothering you. It must be good for something.
what was bothering them?
because it turns out they were lying to us
That is to say, the channel was hers as well.
I suspected and it turns out that thanks to a
subscriber that I will not reveal his
name outside of it we have
given official account of staryuki
And although he tells us that he has a second
channel and leave a link first let's go
see some comments we click on them
to the link and
[Music]
Indeed, if we check the account of
Head to toe is Bonni Army but
To clear up any doubts, we return to
the publication and click on it
account that posts the publication Yes yes yes
asked him
[Music]
Evidence came out that the same
staryuki from his main channel then
had also promoted there were people
who sent me messages saying that since
his discord had put a lot of
times videos let's go that their fans knew
perfectly that that channel was his and
Despite this, many colleagues
profession because they even made a video of me
criticism there, uncle churre too
man every time uncle chure is around
in love yuki or rather uncle churre no
The account is simple to register, yuki, okay.
Turbo Plan made the mistake of his life
tempting and even that of love that is
a lawyer who doesn't talk about things of
laws and made a video arguing there
because Turbo plan because it is not right
With Yuki being there, that's what makes me feel
grace no Because these videos I make plan
because he is not right
These videos are still uploaded today
to YouTube after it was demonstrated
Well, the channel was his.
No, and on top of that they lied to us, but it's just that
Of course the videos are uploaded to YouTube or
whether it has been rectified later and or
well let's see I don't delete videos in
YouTube I don't know if they are an agreement or not
I know it has to be deleted for whatever reason
but if later in the interview
auronplay itself when it is discovered
What about then? Hey, well in the end, no, well
then it is rectified and they are the episodes
that are happening every day, no, this is not known
It remains here because later I even made a
statement on Twitter because of the controversy
It was breaking loose and like in that
The victim made a statement saying
that there were people who attacked her for her
physical and as in this statement
more than apologizing, it seems
made the victim and also said that she
I had permission to upload those videos
reactions from people on YouTube
to which he reacts and what he does not
It happens that Well apart from that then
auronplay came out to say that this was
lie I already knew it was a lie because
one reason and that is that this girl I know that
This girl has been streaming on Twitch
since long before auronplay has been around
reacting to auronplay videos
even before auronplay came in
on Twitch So if this girl is
known on Twitch and already reacted
videos before auronplay was
on Twitch Well most likely not
they know each other and this girl, well, no
have permission to react to the
videos that react but still just in case
There was some doubt that Auronplay would come out
say then that he has not given permission to
This girl is more than I hadn't spoken
with her in his life and it seems that this
then they uploaded it to YouTube
had a secondary channel that later became
He asked her what was hers. She said that
not that his fan takes him but then
There were many clues to see us
confirmed But there were many indications that
It was about her too, I had read somewhere
that I had authorized it, that is
lie I with staryuki my life the
TRUE
never never but
If you want to see videos that I do.
Here I am freaking out because no longer because
He had a plan, they gave me a zap that he gave it to us
Okay
I'm freaking out here because
I wouldn't go out and say that someone has
given authorization when a person does not
has given me authorization, so I don't
agreement already on the Public Debate of Why
We said yes and Turbo plan
that no Or we that no and he that yes
Okay, I don't remember what we were talking about.
substantiating or perhaps the evidence
they weren't very solid okay because you
you can take you can take and you can
One thing is clues and another thing is
tests okay you can have many
signs of something and there are already people
that believes one thing or that is not worth it
clues are fine, it depends on each person
but maybe something else is a test
a test is a test that you say you don't
It's not like, for example, the link
in the main channel not in the tab
community there we already saw Of course that the
account She was asked what was hers okay
but to claim that someone has given you
permission that someone has given you
authorization
and that he didn't give it to you
I wouldn't lie about something like that.
I was hoping that's why I'm putting the
faces I'm making because [ __ ]
You are seeing that the channels are more or less
We are talking about the topic, I don't know what it's worth
Okay, we're talking about the channels of the
topic and you have said that we are
defending and you say, well then I don't
I put it in. Okay, I can understand that far.
okay because you can have your vision of
things or your perspective on things
or whatever is fine but from there to you
claim that someone has authorized you
when that someone can come out
to deny you as is the case of course I
what I think is charged under no circumstances
concept
would imagine
that Auronplay would come out to deny it
Of course she would say auronplay doesn't get involved
none of this auronplay is going to come out
react to a Turbo Plan video or
Javier or whatever is clear what least
she would imagine she would imagine that
auronplay would come to my channel and say
this
that a bad one that I interview is
auronplay at some point when I was going to
to ask This is good, let's see, it's obvious
I would ask you this too.
say
You ruined everything Javi, I've done you
Thank you so much for giving that away.
member
And on top of that, Auron answered bluntly.
language
That is because now a context with a
little tone that he knew all the gossip
They know that he knew the story and that
knew what was there because he also
He says that I have given him authorization
I have read that I have given him
authorization
you know, auron was seen here
when I brought up the subject that he knew
Lore who knew the story and who also
He made faces like what the [ __ ] is that?
it bothered you know what bothered him or not
as not as a nuisance as such but as
Damn, what face does this girl have?
I see them. That is to me the issue of how
say it but she apologized Yes of course
He already apologized after I
They grabbed everything, let's see, I can do it
excuse
one thing she would have apologized for
when Turbo Plan and these people exposed it
Okay, [ __ ], sorry, yes it's true.
I've done it, I haven't done it, let's see, I was going
It was working for me and I did it
true But she lied
saying that he had the authorization of
auron and he already apologized when auron
He came out to deny those apologies.
they are worth the same
Hey girl, when they catch you, it's okay. And
with all the love that I take with me
well with her, let's see, I don't like her either
that we are colleagues or friends or anything
the style we have a cordiality but
things as they are Let's see you He had more
face that back and above
which left us at the feet of the
horses the people who defended her
that is not obliged to interfere
for us or anything like that is worth it
because you are giving the opinion under your
responsibility but damn it don't say that
It is clear that I am when she
puts the tweets and apart I have Even
an excerpt reacting to her thread
Because he also got involved with a turbo plan
telling him that you are going to the village when
He challenges you with a debate, I don't know what it's worth. No
no no no no no Of course me When I read the
thread and she is saying in the thread
I have authorization, damn it. Well, I say.
I wouldn't lie and claim that I have
authorization risking that it is not
have
you understand me or what he did was he had
the face is very hard, I don't know, I like it
reacting to videos on Twitch is fine
I like to watch videos, give my opinion, I don't know a thing
a little bit of sauce and also already
to put it in to put it in the
puntillita being yuki is one of those
people who have the verification of
Twitter but Twitter Blue
to me watching a video
but then if you summarize that to
YouTube
Turbo plan is very heavy connect yuki
now to see the legitimate one, that is to say, like the
success or in other words, it is not possible either
say that I have an obsession, that is, in
plan
You haven't taken five or six videos of
ayuki 7 whatever it is as it was taken out 10
a day if you are not swearing it is
legitimate, that is, I don't know. It's hypocritical.
It seems strange to me and that's when
suddenly Yuki starts to erase all the
video reactions from auronplay and
suddenly asks for forgiveness as I see that
It bothers Auron that there is
have these videos yet he said it in a
annoying tone
He said it in an annoyed tone like
listen to me, what face you know
Listen to me, it's a lot of money, let's see.
all the millions of views it had
staryuki at the expense of reactions to
euros Because if you are reacting
Okay, look, right now I'm here.
reacting to a Turbo Plan video
but don't compare me
So we are giving our opinion.
stopping We are looking for things now me
I come here, I go here
I check this I check that other thing
it sounds like here to see I don't know if it says the
clip if not the editor will put it ok
but it sounds to me like here at this moment
I said something like Turbo just told me
to give a zasca
Let's see, things are as they always are for me.
I say it eh
I ask those who manage the muni Army to
Delete these videos, I don't want to have them.
no problems whatsoever and I apologize
I ask those who drive and delete
These videos, eh? But that's a lot.
millions of visits that auronplay gives you
money can be left over by the ears and
surely if you need it
surely if your cat is going to die and
You are missing a thousand euros so that your cat does not
he will surely die, you put a you and
auronplay and auronplay will give you the
1000 euros so your cat doesn't die
but one thing is that and another thing is that you
you steal from him, you understand, or you take from him
It's not stealing as such, come on, you're the one who
take the money away
understand me because there are many people who
It's literally her eating the corner
I mean, no, that's not fair use, that's not it.
is that money that is leaving
win auron that is yours
Okay, and even if you don't have to monetize that
channel no matter how much money you are giving it
taking away his win
for having seen your videos that
probably
not monetize the videos because
they will jump the strike is he will jump the
copyright of You Planet because auron
as far as I know it is set up that
jumps on you. That is, you put almost no one can
react to the life of auronplays and that
I skipped the copy. For example, if I can
Because he has me like a
permission, that is, if I wanted to
I am now going to be a series of
react to old auron videos
understand or it could be two years ago
years and now hold on because because it is
The hard part is coming, I really don't understand it.
I was waiting. I mean, I've entered the tiktok of
staryuki and I'm starting to realize
looking at your tiktoks that good that
Most of what I see are copied.
Well, plagiarized from other TikTokers.
that at first I said, well, let's see
actually tiktok works a bit like that no
one makes a train a joke and all the
world copies it but then I started to
realize that literally all of your
Viral videos are copied from another
tiktoker and I said This can't be no
It could be, it has to be just one. No.
It could be and I start to investigate one by one.
one practically all of his videos of
tiktok let's go old tasty series of
react to old Aura videos in
smiley face smiley face face
smiling would be very cool would be very cool
It would be very cool for sure that we
we laugh at what always happens
We have topics Amen If we see that we are
short on the topic Well I would ask you
permission and I would say, hey old man
vagrant and rich man
Do you mind if I score a series?
reacting to your old videos
and if he tells me yes, if he tells me
I don't know, maybe he wouldn't like it.
did that you know maybe one thing is
that he has me on the list
Blanca for the issue that I can see
your things when there is a gossip things
of those because he has it up to
for Twitch streams That is you
you upload a video from Twitch or auronplay
you react like this girl does to her
Twitch videos and jump okay And he me
has position because of the issue that many
Sometimes I skipped and I have skipped this
take it away from me you know but another thing is that I
you put me you know the series could be called
old man with sad eyes reacts to old people
tasty literally in my videos there are
people insulting me with the nickname of eyes
sad Okay now I can't see you
Grandpa but I hope to see the rain
zascas when I see the reupload, greetings
Javi and the kids Good so far
I took the bag with me. Well, it's a
Old sas already reused from the year
After the sack I admitted it and picked it up
at the time but until now
Let's see, let's now get into the topic of
Let's see, hey, I don't rule it out for me, look at you.
I say one thing and I'm not saying it to suck up to him
no one's ass because you know that
I don't always suck anyone's ass
auronplay has been like an idol in
YouTube for me as a youtuber is worth as
people there are things that I have given the
reason others in which there are no things that
I have liked more things than less already
other salseos string themes
thing Okay but for example as a youtuber
For me it's like the icon of youtuber
way of making the videos is crappy but the
humor, that is, the guy is capable of
write you this bottle and make you laugh
Okay, so without editing or [ __ ] or anything
technologies nor anything is worth it to me has been
an example
was the only person was the only one
person the only youtuber Now only
I have more than one gossip channel
Nothing to be aware of the gossip is worth it
but back in the day when I was not known
It was the only channel I had any interest in
notification activated and that I saw myself
I was always a fan of Auro Boy, eh?
that is literally for me to have it
interviewee was like one of my
achievements on YouTube okay Don't take it the wrong way
What I have told you is that I follow all your
animes
I am Timo Oliveira. I don't know what you have told me.
said that could have bothered me No no
I know what you're referring to, I don't know what you're referring to.
you refer
if he made us laugh for almost five years with
a book that is not in plan
to me what he is doing now for
example this thing about Michael and others to me
It seems like nonsense. I mean, it seems to me.
a literal nonsense. I mean, me
It seems silly but let's see if you
It works and he makes a fortune, he will surely win.
many more millions of euros now
that doing what Vale did
Well, good for him I'm happy And without
get into trouble without getting involved
problems and so on, well, okay, I'll do it.
I understand, okay, maybe I
would work I think it wouldn't but
because I also
likes gossip is that I like it if I
It would work for me. Maybe it would but
without leaving the sauce or trying to
sauce once or twice a week
because I wouldn't like to leave it but but
To me, the Auro cane knows what I'm telling you.
that is, it was gold, it was gold, it was gold, it was gold
then one day a series relating to
Well, I don't know, maybe he doesn't
I would also like to tell you
maybe he wouldn't like it anymore
I say if we stayed somewhere
season without content and so on
Well, I would ask for permission. I would say, Hey.
Would it bother you if on some days I
I can tell you. In fact, I can.
go saying this one day I will send you a
WhatsApp and I say Hey
It occurred to us the other day in the
chat Would you mind if we did a
that the days when I don't have much to talk about
which is almost never
we would try to react to make a
series reacting
you know but of course I would react
reacting like I would take the
videos I would start watching them and we would do
some reactions you know well
But you can do it without permission from the
theme of the feruse no
No, no, let's see, could you, Sandra? Thank you very much.
But he has the first thing that seems to me
do it to a person who is also
I know because it would seem a little unto me
cheeky you know then me for
protection that is, I would say it already
part of Facebook But anyway
that he has like the or rather the content
He has it very protected, so he knows.
by Facebook If it falls on you, then you have
that claim I don't know what you know are a
plagiarize an exact copy of another tiktoker
I mean, but the same gestures
same words all or everything Look at Me
I just put on his tiktok This is the
last tiktok that has uploaded has uploaded
It must have gone up today because
This one wasn't there anymore, for example
When I transfer from a public school
a private one when you change from one
public school A private school is
exactly the same with the same
gestures and this video I just saw that
has risen now okay next the
just the following people today in
day complaining about spoilers
animes from before go a girl
exactly but the same letters
people nowadays complaining about spoilers
anime used to be exactly a joke
eye the next one the third one I am
jumping none me trying not to do
noise in the early morning and she comes out there
as if covered with a blanket I can't
put it on because if I put the sound on I
copyright skips, turn on Play and
it sounds like a no sound and it
hide and see the American No me
trying not to make noise in the
early morning covered with a blanket too
the same plans Exactly the same
then he covers himself with the blanket
exactly the same video only that
copied from an American we continue exhausted
fourth video in a row when I tell him
to my friends to behave because
I invited the boy I like
we see here a girl when I tell her
My friends should behave because I was going to
play with us the person who me
like all these videos that I'm
By putting you can check the date that
all are uploaded before so that
don't come
Let's see, they had sold me the video as
that was criticizing being the trends
But this is to see if it is copying
the gags And there yes it is a bit of a copy
No
Well, there are many times when I like it
a gas maybe and I feel like
do it but I say but why would I do it?
plagiarize if the original already exists
No, you didn't see them before, you've uploaded them all.
all are then all are copied
It's worth it in case there's someone who fits
If you have any questions, you can search for it on the date
fifth next fifth video or so
I really could throw myself like this and it wouldn't end.
I swear to you The fifth video my mom daughter
heat the rice and then take it out
heating the rice there like dancing
Rice is not worth it, my mom, good joke
The rice is so hot, me and a kid
doing exactly what
My mom checking if I'm asleep
and it comes out as clear with the Game Boy
There with the console you can see the lights
Of course, let's see, it is also copied from the
American My dad coming to my room AC to
am When I Western or be my father
coming to my room when I was 10
years of the ones but they are trends Javi de
That bati chop let's see on Twitter it's not
It is frowned upon to steal tweets many times
It makes me laugh a lot when someone
gets offended because you steal a tweet let's see in
reality here either Let's see this is what
What are you going to do? No, but let's see copy.
copy that's right
that under my pillow me exactly
the same joke when an introvert
does the shopping or when an introvert
does the shopping for Jehovah's Witnesses
entering the world of Monster Inc.
the thing about Monsters Inc. that has many
Of course, the Witnesses of
Jehovah, how they like doors so much
Well, I don't know why I'm telling you the joke.
but this one for example is stolen and it has
cost to find him Here is [ __ ] that
I couldn't find him. This one has me
It was hard to find this one too.
copied when I decide to watch anime without
headphones Well this one is also stolen
No, I don't think it's necessary or necessary.
show when you reach the end of the juice
This one is also stolen. This is the one
You can see the original of this girl by
the date and for the likes that I have
It was hard to find this truth and
how do you find the copy uncle
copy an idea of ​​plagiarism copy several
It's research, of course. She goes.
collecting the funniest ones and making them
She Well let's see, he's not bad either
problem It would be Maybe when it
They monetize it's not when I see it. Maybe
So imagine a YouTube video.
for example what Turbo Blanco did
grid
There I do see a problem.
There you see a problem with this, which is a
20-second video that is now you
I say it's a joke, I mean the jokes of
all my life, all my life, Los Chiches
They have gone by word of mouth, that is to say, it is very
ancient the fact of fact as stealing a
meme, I mean, I don't see it the same way
importance that if it were the best thing to steal
a YouTube video plagiarizing a video or
may it be of all the life of God
The Chiches when there is no internet
have gone from mouth to mouth a friend you
tell a joke that made you laugh
You keep it and maybe at a wedding you
You tell it, a cousin of yours has stayed
with the joke you told yourself and then
your cousin tells it at a birthday party
you know, that is, all your life. During the
years the jokes have been going from
Word of mouth is what happens nowadays, well
There is such a thing as adaptation, right?
When I go to the gym this is also
stolen, what a surprise and it cost me
find him but I was surprised that
He has even copied the gestures
when the girl to Well apart from copying
all the plans and everything even the
bottle too or that is that it is
impressive I went out of my way because the
situation is very bad yes I heard that
Horrible situations don't mess with
can totally copied Exactly what
same as but of this youtuber at least
This time it tells you, it doesn't tell you here that
the original creator is citizen tooth
and at least in this one he tells you but he does
And why does he put it sometimes because
I know him and before I already, that is, it's that I don't
I know what to think or when you do a
train I can understand Well then, what's up?
So you make the same video, no.
but it's that already in plan me seeing the
TikToks of Mexicans with altars
for your pets and you go out there then
crying not because of course they give you a lot
pity the puppies and all that and
suddenly we see that the original video is
Not from this girl who uploaded it before me
watching the videos I collect the same
same sentence Exactly or rather and I don't know what anymore
we believe What am I supposed to do?
believe that you really feel sorry for them
puppies because you copied the video
to this girl I mean I don't know if it's
you do to go viral or because of
Do you really feel sorry for the dogs? I mean
This seems quite sad to me.
I don't know what to think
Let's see the whole video, that's it, no
Let's see what your Tito account is, let's see what your
Tito's account is completely
plagiarized
It's a little bit you know what I'm telling you, that is, in
plan is one thing
one thing is
It's one thing for you to steal one from time to time.
when
Look at WhatsApp Javi
Javi the joke is to copy
that has copy
the animes before
the joke of copying
that is, when you press the audio
the others come out
animes before
the spoilers or rather everyone
copy anime before
the little dolls of before the animes before
But the whole account uncle just came
from working like a wreck. Here goes my little help.
son a kiss Pepa Thank you very much O
whether the credits are clear or not
I understand that the credits
is this
solo credit is this no I mean the sound
original is the one who created the text
That's the point No
Damn, okay, so I'm saying
I eat as Boomer as Turbo plan no
okay okay okay okay okay
Saul
So this would be the original tiktoker
all tiktok is that
one does it and then the others
[Music]
okay okay okay okay okay
Damn, but you have the whole account
Okay, okay, if it works for you, okay, okay.
okay, of course, or something else would be that
cover the original audio no I mean I
I put staryuki
and I'm going to take clear There are some
guys that are not copied Of course because
are excerpts from their live performances
that they edit them like Ayden does
my
Okay
Okay, so here's the yuki. And then
Here you get the original
Of course, even duets are made. Of course
but the credit is always down
because it's the original, of course, let's see.
Let's go look for a gas. Let's go look for a gas.
this
the part they don't tell you about having more than
5 years of dating Well, if you
you put here
Ramón Today is the day
Therefore if everyone does the same thing
one has started and no one wins or loses
money Where is the crime
let's see in this case for example no
Of course but no But because she already took
the audio of another of another and of another
In Latin America, this is what their intros would be like.
This is good
[Laughs]
This is good, immaculate. Thank you for
renew gorgeous nine months already
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
then and that's how I understand it
Okay, okay, okay, so that's how I understand it.
sure okay okay okay okay
and besides, that's not the whole story
so clear
It's not the whole account, of course, that is, yes
well your account
not all like that, it is true that one
vast majority
but it's going up, they're going up tiktok that
your editor asks you about
[Music]
on the strings as it makes me air in
every day to me
One day my parents got conjunctivitis
and they didn't want me to take
conjunctivitis I stayed two days in
my uncle's house and well it's very good
edited
next to my cousin, let's see, I lay down
with my cousin but more in bed
It's the same for whoever creates it, it's worth whoever does it.
cooler
Clear clear
That's how tiktok works, okay?
If you check Ari's it's the same as seeing
I am very Boomer, okay, I mean,
plan that's why I wasn't understanding the
criticism
Let's see, but Ari can't do it, Ari can't do it
cause a problem or what
I'm seeing a lot of ass around here, huh?
respect Juan sorry let's see it's not that I'm
seeing the ass but they have it
always cover
Let's see, wait.
Wait, I think we can
cause a problem this
Let's see, for example, they called me from this one
Colombia
Okay
I'll avoid it better okay I'll avoid it
buttocks buttocks
I start watching because many people do it
makes you watch a Stream of
or a video by Rubius For example I have
seen a lot of people watching streams of
Rubius seems to have a bit of a blunder to me.
No
the people that Rubius there are people my videos
videos
So what you take
this puts and remains silent while
has the blonde video on
I like that, I don't know any more excitement
[Music]
because they are entertaining you with your
entertaining you but in the end
No
it seemsto me
reacts to a video of Aurora
There it is again my cameo I have a lot
cameo in this
I have a lot of truck in this video, don't you?
they will see your eyes for real I mean this guy
of content that people like you make
does it Well, I mean I'm not going to say No
I don't want to either, I don't want to talk but
This kind of thing to me No thanks Thank
you But I don't like to react or
hang myself from a video about everything
the magnitudes that Raúl has, that is
It seems to me that it seems to me that it even seems to me that
funny and unethical no then of course
then it depends or what is here
saying Beijing let's see it depends you know what
What is Beijing saying about that, let's see?
It depends on whether you make your face like you did before.
in a corner No of course that's not even close
Joke now that you're commenting on it
that you are reacting to it the way you were
what we are doing here with the video
Turbo plan that is that we have 45
minutes reacting to the video and the video
It lasts 16, we're at minute 15, you know.
This yes
This is all that happened I don't see now
As for TikTok, you're like, [ __ ].
This is not a coincidence, this is that
strategy She is a strategy that
carries out and no matter how much she
play the fool and The innocent really is
very clever and knows very well what she does and
no matter how much she answers by pretending
like there is that I don't know Oh it's that
because he probably says that not in a way
Oh, it's that I'm on TikTok, he does it all.
world you can now make a train or make
a dance a song but what not
you can do is that all your tiktoks
virals are a copy of another tiktoker
or American because yes you can
you can be clear about what you are saying to me
explaining if you can is that they are all
So, in short, here we are going to leave it.
the video without first telling you that now
same if you are seeing this that yes it can
No. I mean, according to what you have explained to me, yes.
The review may be a bit weak.
At first I was getting it but
clear from what I see then that Turbo
plan does not understand either
how tiktok works of course it has happened
a bit like me no In that sense no
What happened to him had a plan, it's a little
as I don't think he's a believer
what the [ __ ] the gas no and it turns out
that even who has been is already lost
the first one to lose is the point
This is where Turbo Plan accuses her of
copy a boy for example and that
guy is really copying another one who
you put in and you know no and it is already lost
thread of even Who is the first No or
be the first is the one who puts it down
Clear in the audio and many times not even that
because it has been lost from so much pim pim
pim okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
Okay
Well, let's see life
chimpum
[Music]
friend
tool titote to do that
It's logical It's logical that's what I
I asked at the beginning how do you make money?
with tiktok no then there is nothing
It is criticizable, I say, you make money in the
direct
you make money on live shows
Let's see what you're talking about.
of making a series and reacting to them
old videos of auron would be point
number one
depending on how each one will look
reaction is ok. If not, I wouldn't raise it a point.
number 2 what videos or rather we are not going to
react to the entire Channel
I understand. Well, for example, this is for me.
This era didn't call me, this era didn't
I was so struck by the fact that
time that catches my attention
time that catches my attention Oh no more
you can sort this out in your life
recent
old climbs are worth the time to me
It strikes me that it would be from
This is the first video that has
public today
public as of today Claro
I had many more before, eh?
last year
last year I had other videos before
which was as you know
from when to me the time that I
like
the time that I like
look at your opinion of the iPhone 4 to me
The period I like would be from
here from here from
little flowers
from florets
Let's see Omar, take a look, come on, let's go
take a look and we won't think about it anymore, eh?
Camila, this is the time until
[Music]
Up to here more or less
Look at the teacher, we have this one.
to see if up to here more or less up to
Here more or less if anything a joke
Here the time of the
prank calls you know very commercial
If you realize, everything already knows
the miniatures are more prepared
match the thumbnails
match the video perfectly
knows look
you know how very commercial since there is a
company already behind you know here it is already
different Okay and some of this then
for example this thing about weplay with you and
Other than that, he came out later in the
interview with me to say that wismichu
and he had never really been friends
He knows that they were colleagues
work that was work is fine but this
This section is the one I would react to.
But I tell you, I would have to hit him.
a tap and tell him if you don't mind if
He doesn't mind that when from time to time
when we lack topics or whatever
for
to comment and we have time
doing a series here reacting is okay
Not everyone, for example, this thing about the
Auron's advice as me
would react to the epic videos this one for
You my beautiful girl This seems to me like a
jewel worth things like that things like that which
we went who was going to see who was going to see
which one were we going to see now, the little flower one
Well, I would say that this is when
the story of really begins
auronplay or rather I would say that
officially the auronplay race
begins with a flower
but of course this is not the video
First is that this is like a remake
let's see it
This is the original that does not exist of course
This is the original that does not exist
Hello good afternoon after a little
time in the shade after a
that clear auron started like this the first
Auron's videos don't show his face
videos that the desktop is recording
you know little season I think it's the
perfect time to return to YouTube
you have stayed, you have to learn English
YouTube
Hello, good afternoon. That was my greeting.
that you just saw is one of the
The first videos I uploaded to YouTube are not
the first one there were some before but that
They are already deleted, no way, that's not it
There are already things that are irretrievable
I think they threw irrecoverable Auron at him
as
in an interview he said the number
I don't know without exaggerating I don't know if I am in a
interview said that he had been thrown in
total like 30 videos like 30 videos in
total
and recoverable Imagine what it has
that there is, that is, yes, yes, I already have
unrecoverable videos and we are talking
I entered in 2015. Well, here it is.
we are talking about that here in 2013 he
he's talking about the videos
unrecoverable as many years ago
Okay, I don't know when he starts to go up.
video to watch the channel is created
in 2006
Ah [ __ ] what have I done So that was it
My greeting five years ago is the first
There were some before but those are now
erased we are not going that is not it
irrecoverable now this is the only one I have
been able to recover is one of the first
videos that I uploaded to YouTube and uploaded them by
a reason not all of us are here in
YouTube for a reason many of you
You know what it is but many others don't.
because you have arrived later through the
flirt of Mordor for many stories So
that I want to explain to you today
Oh sure, here there is Lore before, eh?
the flirt of Mordor here is gold here
Lore here Lore why I'm on YouTube
and why I started recording videos and
why do I record them this way so
So without further delay, I'm not a bad guy.
He meant I don't want to introduce
little flower
1965 which is the reason for my existence
Well, on YouTube it's not always the case.
has told how this is the reason
for which he started, that is, as if he
I had the YouTube account before but
that the lady was touching his balls with
the videos he made and started getting into it
with her and she kind of got into it
I play, that is, as if I were a juanca
Of course, blooming was a kind of
Huanca I think, huh? Let's see, no no no no no no
no no no no no a kind of juanca me
I mean the Geeks, you don't know life.
I am here because my father stuffed my mother
like a turkey
They were two types, one was blooming, not the same.
Juanca type is a worthy character
with the same sweetness Okay but no no no
no no no no no no of the same type of course
Juancas of the project man type
[Music]
There were two guys who were half crazy
almost divine were two types
dismantled by the mother of
Taurus in the mother of Auron is in
YouTube today, let's see, I see myself.
I don't know if he will follow me.
followed on Instagram on Twitter and all
Things Yes yes yes what happens that as
that I think he turned against
mine last year for the Antonio issue
David because it sounds to me like the mother of
Auron is a Carrasquista
yes yes yes yes
I swear I had your daughter and that
being carrasquistas eh and telling him
Antonio David, well, you already know that no.
was found
on the corner they found you in a cafe
What a big little flower please what
The years go by and you continue giving the
same disgusting guy I don't know how he does it
Incredible, I've seen recent photos of you.
on Facebook and you still have hair
just as full of [ __ ]
little flower, [ __ ], your hair is caught by them
You run like this, you fill a glass of oil, damn it
that you put it in a pan and you can
fry there are some potatoes and a pin
Let's see, Juanca, for example, doesn't know this.
we can say you see that we are here
comparing the lady with Juanca And this
We can't tell him, there's someone else to whom
we can call him churral the day you
take off your cap the day I take off yours
cap is worth it
we're going to have to do it with a
hammer and chisel is not going to appear
that the role of the muffins that
For example Yes you know but but this of
that has to squeeze the huanca hair
for example no no much love one will be
the thing is, you have to wash your hair, damn it
little flower, really, these are
little flowers an elderly lady with
a lot of free time that was dedicated to
upload videos to YouTube singing and
so singing
Oh, I didn't remember, I didn't remember.
no, but degrading itself to certain limits
that the Scarface poster no no this was it
legend or rather this dessert I think it is
she takes a few that bordered on the abysmal
Lolo, Vico, was colossal.
incredible we are going to see his gift for
music because what she has is a
Don is a [ __ ] Don Hello Don Pepito
You will have passed and I imagine eh I already
I'll see when I upload this.
Goodbye Don Pepito Goodbye Don José I who
I really admire people who
discovered YouTube before since
not now because we are talking about that
This This is people who uploaded videos to
YouTube since the platform was created
in 2006 in 2006 That is to say there are people
YouTubers like Auron Vale and how
little flower who uploaded videos in 2006 2007
2008 okay And now they are coming what of
those on TV those on TV are
coming now to YouTube when they are
realizing that there are people here who
charge money Now you know there are people here
that has been going on for decades
I was like a little flower in 2013
I had a YouTube account I uploaded
videos I uploaded videos to Youtube I think
It was in the year 2012
2012 yes 2012 I think was when I went up
videos the first videos that I hope
you could recover but it is unrecoverable
Ok And there was a video I have told this
many times there was a video that was not this one
channel was another previous account okay No
I don't even know what his name was, I don't know if he is
His name was Javi Oliveira. I don't know, really.
I don't even know why the hell I deleted that.
I haven't told you many times, okay?
but I had a 13 million video
visits uncle was like a setup with
chroma key is left with Pocoyo's chroma key and no
It was the little me that you are all thinking
It wasn't Juan, it was a Pocoyo chroma key.
like running around my daughter
My daughter was sitting on the carpet
of the living room and the chroma but super good
also made 13 million visits
You started this account in 2015, that is, me.
In 2015, eight years came to mind.
I had a YouTube account, I'm going to see it and I
I meet Although I had five or six thousand
subscribers because there were videos with
hundreds of thousands of views were videos
Well I think there was a video talking about
Big Brother, I think there was one.
video of that one that had 13 million views
visits and they go up that desk the
video kept getting views every time
the everyday
I don't know why the [ __ ] he says that [ __ ]
delete it
I don't know the truth, I don't know why the hell I did it
the stupidity of deleting it and starting over
zero with another account is like no
I wanted those subscribers you know And
then I opened this account this channel that
This channel Well, this boyfriend
oliveira 8000 things have happened there
different worth
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
Why did your daughter come out like that now, but let's see
I don't even know if it came out from the front or
I don't know for sure, even if you could see it
face would be recognizable today
teenage daughter you know but no I don't know
No, at the time I was not aware of it.
about not taking the children out and so on
made in some Instagram photo they came out
my children My girl my boy is no longer
the girl came out nowhere I think
He has even gone out with me in
YouTube videos at first happen that
evidently that is more than erased
If some come out, the voice might get out.
Hello hello
Be careful here with the pronunciation.
It's hard for me to pronounce Spanish
At school they taught me what Hello was
and less with the content that I started to
make clear is that at first it was like
a little test, maybe it would be your turn
This stick touched you, another made you a
challenge you know Pepito Hello don José no
Hello, she wants to grow up, no, she doesn't.
just sing a song and
destroy it not on top once put in
She grows and now makes high notes and tones
lengthens the tones
the high Hello, little flower, but
Now I'm going to show you my favorite video
I've seen them all from this young lady.
I've seen them all because I'm in the
I'm a fan of Florecilla, that's what she is.
very big now I'm going to show you its
best video pay attention to your pronunciation
in English as he destroys a classic by
favor
[Music]
Michael's tequilas
and this is a classic, literally.
Maybe I know the song and I don't.
I recognize
[Music]
that
curtain
[Music]
Do you remember when they closed your channels?
by copyright it will be
I will never forget life was in 2019
coincidentally coinciding with things like
that they closed my Twitter account and
I was there for about a year or two.
that it was impossible to have Twitter because
Because well because there was someone who
dedicated to with an ID made with
Photoshop on top then he bragged on his
group of records in fact and they sent me
The captures and others What happens is that the
Uncle, I don't know if he was Colombian, I don't know
I agree where it was, but report it, you know.
and Twitter Twitter already knows up to the
balls that I sent him a burofat
telling him Hey look it's me and you
They are stealing my account
for identity theft. That is to say
your account is closed due to impersonation
identity so that you understand me is
because you're pretending to be me
and I take it and show it and with my ID I say
Hey, this person is doing it.
pass by me look I am me understand me
That is, they sent me to suspend me.
account for identity theft
knows and by the way today the other
One day Karime told me that she had
suspended the account I told him to see but
why have they given Victoria a kiss
kiss queen and it turns out that she sent me
Karime catches and was also the
same identity theft and
There were those who you already know how to imagine that
since we are not even mentioning them and
They go on and on, it doesn't matter, you know that
They join with criminals, well some of them
They are criminals, right?
making fun of the fact that it had been closed
the account darling and saying that they will have
Closed. There must have been a reason for it to be closed.
for something clear they will be closed
You have closed, I leave the same
They will have made a DNI of Karime with a
fake photo or whatever you know and it's
They are closing. Okay, until I do.
I got
[Music]
that doesn't make me weird but I don't remember
that what I had to do is
I literally don't remember I think
I spent a few years not getting in
not putting Twitter in myself
phone so that they wouldn't relate it to me
with those that I had already suspended, that is
It's [ __ ] crazy what I've been through
Twitter and YouTube, that's what I
I was mentioning the YouTube thing was
because
already when my daughter started to have a
little bit of knowledge No and no more And
what I worked on and what not
we are talking that maybe the girl
I would be eight years old, because she wanted to
how to be a youtuber today that
nonsense of course does not even occur to him
the head because she doesn't want to
take a picture of things of the ages
differences in ages no Then I
He cheated on her and acted like he had her
like a fake account and I cheated on her
like she posted a video and then
better she narrated or spoke you know us
we put as playing no and she went up
like a few clicks of something that I
I thought it wasn't copyrighted, you understand?
It was like, okay, what has gone up
She didn't upload this and maybe it was her
that with his tablet he had recorded with a
I don't remember about dogs. I think
They were videos of Chinese hot dogs. Okay.
then I tricked her into
I thought that what I uploaded was a video that neither
were not even public
and suddenly one day I wake up feeling bad.
day I will never forget that wakes me up
Lorena And I even remember
from my eyes what I saw is worth me
Getting up in the morning Lorena at a
9 a.m. to 10 a.m.
waking up on a Sunday there telling myself
how closed the channels that do not have
the channels How how but what has happened
you know and when I check the emails well
I see 11 12 but I was from Tula the damn thing
chance
the damn coincidence not even
we got to talk to him in Korean
and the guy didn't want to take away our strikes
He told us yes yes yes he wouldn't take it away from us
and as you see, man, I'm explaining to you that
On top of that, the videos weren't even public.
churras
So it was a hoax. I mean, imagine.
It was a deception to the girl and in fact No no
I have nothing because what we did was
What YouTube recommended to me is that
completely delete the account you know
It was explained to him and so on, you know.
At what age did you become a father? Well, I think so.
I had
24 25 you know I explained it to YouTube
YouTube understood it to see basically
the moment he sees that you are a
person
Autonomous that generates with YouTube certain
income you know
That's when the Game Over channel was born.
That channel was a backup, yes, yes.
[Music]
California
But look at that blessed hour, eh, I mean
I don't even know what I moved, I moved heaven and earth
all the big youtubers I knew
Each one gave me an email from a Talent
manager I don't know what I don't know how much And I came up with
a great position in Los Angeles Because
Also my aunt called me Carmen, I think.
I don't know if her name was Carmen or if it was the
I don't remember, I don't remember
because I don't know what translation it can have
Carmen, you already know that there are names that
sometimes
These also exist in other languages
It was literally like a big office
Los Angeles and she was the one who contacted me.
I know you're answering me to what email, that is, I don't know
Yes, maybe Juanito gave me the email.
I don't know if Pepito gave it to me, I don't know if
because what I was missing was to catch
a plane and land on YouTube
California you didn't have a direct chat
with YouTube Yes you have it but when you
when they suspend your account, it's not
you have no way to access the
chat because you to chat
you through your YouTube account
I mean, here on YouTube, I don't know if
showing it will show something to see
wait
I don't know if I'm going to get into it too much.
Leo, okay, you give it here, help, Pin, and here.
An option appears that is chat
YouTube is worth it so you understand me And
So if you don't have an account, then don't.
The only thing that comes out is like an email that
You are in charge of giving some explanations. But
Well, the lady wrote to me about La Movida.
This one I think was called Carmen Y
now it turns out that it was a huge charge of
YouTube I don't know who of all those who
helped was the one who hit the key that
I remember that literally suddenly
He sent me an email. Hey, how are you? Explain to me.
This is what my colleagues have explained to me.
or less tocho in English I had to
answer translating okay they have me
explained more or less And I explained to him look
You, madam, what's happening is this, this, and
This has been so, this has been so, what
I had in this account it was like this Asa
and the lady did
and I see that emails are starting to arrive
and they are the videos being restored
me crying in a live broadcast of joy or
let's see
I don't remember what the title would be
I have recovered the channels look
I'm sorry to come looking like this, okay?
I'm sorry to come looking like this
week without sleep
With these looks I was already looking
to fit in the United States, it happens to me
They said you're going to go there, they're not going to go to you
you won't know how to open it
be here
[Music]
Look, they don't put the number of subscribers.
because it was being restored, you know
this
I had a bad time
I
the support of people on YouTube for
trying to compensate was brutal yes yes yes
Yes, yes, we had two or three every night.
three thousand people in you know Can you
know
eh Sure but I didn't have the people
had no other way to find me or
be aware that Twitter is my thing
had certain people completely
censored and now without a channel
YouTube I mean I had no way to
meeting people was You Know
really forgive me but it is that
we had a bad time, I really had it
we have a bad time every night without
sleeping contacting Korea I remember
that I found one Oh I don't remember how
the girl's name was
that was a girl I found a girl who
was
Spanish youtuber or did she speak Spanish?
I remember if it was Spanish or from some
country of tin but lived in Korea
girl and the girl was I don't know if she arrived
even the girl to go to the damn
Korean hairdressing was very
[ __ ] up or so imagine imagine
and spits on the ground and all is that he doesn't know
understands nothing about what language you are
speaking is Aramaic you have to bring to
Someone please decipher it.
tried to subtitle the video but only
I have been able to do some things, the rest is that
It wouldn't be a test of all the keys to the
What language are you speaking, my goodness?
what a way to destroy a song but
If this lady has something, it is that she also
tells his anecdotes things that have happened to him
past in life that are curious Let's see
I'm going to show you one of my favorites
What happened to him in a movie theater x No
She went with her partner before
There were movie theaters but you didn't go and
you watched a porn movie like in a movie theater
good cinema
In Seville I think there is still one in
Seville I think exists
In Seville I think there is still one
Well, she went with her partner to one of them.
and something happened to him a little
Maybe you're there watching the TV you're talking about.
Well, it's not that I'm very old or that I'm
go to a X-rated theater to watch porn
I mean, it's like porn is supposed to be
You see even in intimacy even
Without your partner, not many times, I mean
Well, it's not good for what someone else is good for
someone of you who are here now
same as it is 12 at night and it is already
can speak this you have not seen any
once a whole porn movie
what the [ __ ] are you selling her for?
whole
as long as it lasts
10 minutes or so is enough. No, but
any care That any with which it lasts
One minute the movie is already worth it
Ivan yes Poor thing go ahead because you count
those things of him sold to the blacks
completely
to have a girlfriend like you who
wants
I've never seen a hentai porn movie.
From Pokémon we will continue seeing
little flowers I don't know what's worse
because little flower is about to
tell us something
No
as if wet, something happened with it
Mary
No
colleague who was there who had
took out his thing there
how the hell was there a channel to watch and look
I say that I have ruined the channel
main for mixing contents because
I'll raise you red or I'll raise you
Johnny, I'll upload the review for you.
But how could there be a channel in the
years ago this was the good times of YouTube
That is to say, this was the time when the
algorithm did not punish you for a channel
the old days that I remember a
Greetings Javi, a kiss, darling, that is.
literally a channel
I'll watch it until the end to find out if
they get married
to watch a channel that sings the same to you
Hello Don Pepito Hello Don José and another day
tells you that they have run in all their
hair
That is, literally these varieties of
content but total
And at that time Masha did not exist.
and the bear that if you don't put it in, who knows what?
that the lady had invented
What had happened is that it turns out that
The colleague had run away but still
continued and all the semen to the head of the
colleague why did he make my hair look so strange?
disgusting slimy call him everything
I said disgusting pig there we have seen the
people this is like this is like if you
you put on the s30 to run in front of the
trucks you risk being caught and
run over the trailer no I mean and no
I'm talking about the Titanic trailer, this is it.
as if you start bullfighting, then you
you risk a goring no
Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see
Ramón Today is the day
I have to admit that I did see a great
part because the plot that was
interesting XD when they arrived at the
peace passed him by
I didn't know there were movies, I thought
that there were only videos
clips even Twitter account that
They are even worth many times Google, that is
on Google you to see what you fancy today
No, we can't do that, I don't want to do it.
sleeping on the couch today is fine, listen to me
let's see let's be Christians, okay?
woman had her hair stained
look at it from the practical side, that is,
plan
nutrients that has to have [ __ ] me
end well that this has become
direct point to see really is something to
what you risk if you sit in
a movie theater with a bunch of [ __ ]
Rolando didn't come in there at the end.
shots Let's see you can't be
making matrix all the time
I didn't care about my hair that just came out
from the sight as
You've also given me the chance to go to the hairdresser.
to go to the cinema to watch a porn movie
It is a crime
things that you go to the wig and a
wedding lady or for a romantic date
but damn will he go to the hairdresser to go to the
porn cinema
[ __ ] No now today is the room
true This one from Barcelona no
to blame someone for being
jerking off in a room x
Hi Javi, we are here spending the
pay
Thanks for leaving it here Braulio, let's see.
go to an X-rated movie theater and complain that someone
I stained you with semen It's like going to Madonna
to order a salad
balls no let's see what the [ __ ] he does
buying you a salad at the
McDonald's
Javi, you're already covered in spider webs.
salads
they ran away from him
can get pregnant by watching one
movie there
Can you imagine that little flower is your lordship? XD
XD XD
The lady doesn't go to the cinema x
This is more marzipan you are more marzipan
of marzipan
seriously salads salads because I
You are putting everything because I said
salads seriously I said salads I did
said salads host that was a
short
Seriously, let's see, little flower has more
I also tell you that it looks like the space ones.
the Mac Caesar salad is fine
Yes, but let's see, it's not the healthiest thing.
world no to see I think there are many
places to order a salad no but
go to McDonald's no
go as Madonna order a salad is
as if you went down to a brothel to ask for a
hug
We're going to leave it, eh. I'm not even going to
comment to auronplay that we are going to
react to their videos or so then
it's getting out of hand
completely
It's getting out of hand but it's happening
while eh This is in a movie theater seat and
you start jerking off in a
you're not going to give the mood a movie theater seat
give or it has to come out very fast
This comes out shot, it depends on how
Also
we are talking about a movie for
eat a salad stay home and
You know it doesn't have to. Let's see if it can be done.
go out with a lot of pressure You realize
that if you are watching a movie it is that
you have a lot of stamina
I mean, if you go to the mess now because you are
They are making a fuss about the fact that it takes all
the week without whatever then
your coe goes and you pee your movement
But if you are already recreating yourself in one
movie that you are there controlling the
speed that is coming we are going to brake a
little eh you know there it is when it comes out
that comes out like And where does it go by
hug but
I just got an account of
Twitter to the mind but I'm not going to give it to you
say I just got an account of
Say, hey, let's see Auron please.
change the subject change the album mate Yo
I think the guy got
at least he washed his hair after
the bullfight Well let's see we haven't arrived
to the point
you are wrong we will see each other everything
starts or ends with x for
thrashing around
free hugs
Well, if it costs money in the cinema,
entrance I also tell you
No, I don't have a sad face.
Well, let's see, this live show may offend
many people so let's go
behave, I'm not putting up one more [ __ ] video
I don't know how much of the 2000 Auron
prehistory in a long time, eh, I mean
This direct may offend many
people the lady sees it on the internet as
everyone hahaha a Viking kiss
He got a little bit like that but Auro dude
but Auro they are going to, they are going to
kick you out of tortillaland, you bastard, you're going to
to throw wool tortilla Let's see let's go
end this
but to see it was the lady is with
one you can't you can't make a video
you can't see you can't make a video
painting freckles on your face and eating you
a lollipop after having us with
all the anecdotes of the cinema
that is, you literally cannot make a
directly dressing up as Chilindrina
ma'am but for God's sake
[Music]
I refuse
Sorry, I just got a little bit
allergy when seeing this lady with these
ponytail I mean I just got itchy
I refuse to continue watching this.
This is where we come to with the [ __ ] video.
I flatly deny I refuse it's worth a lot
support and many light would have to have
This extract so that I can continue another day
with the idea much extract much
extract much support from many Spaniards
are we going to leave it here that I have
nervous okay we are talking about
topics I don't like
Okay family, I'm going to go now, okay?
Lorena is going to send me to hell.
We were going to watch a movie or something and I was going to see
I had a couple of other topics here but
Well, we leave it for
for tomorrow or the day after
Jai Mira the one from Joao Bueno we will see it
We will see in order, I will ask him
auron if you don't mind that from time to time
when we see something, okay Javi when
you assemble a Lego I have here the following A
the best tomorrow
maybe tomorrow maybe tomorrow
because tomorrow I don't have a guest on TV
to the SEO
and maybe tomorrow and maybe tomorrow
we marked the Stream okay And also
I tell you this has to be done in two
times worth This can't be done in one
What do they do twice? I don't know.
can do in one guys I'm going that
I have to have dinner, okay, good live we have
done eh good direct eh Buy me
also a Lego three
No, let's see, you have to buy the Mario one there.
to buy the Mario one I posted yesterday
on Twitter
I'm going to ask him to see if a collaboration
or something
I'm going to ask him for a collaboration or something
Yesterday I posted this, look, yesterday I posted this.
but of course
The pieces are Legos, this is a company
This is a company that sells you what they sell you
They are in the box with all the pieces of
Lego you need
and the instructions
Do you get me
then of course
I'm not going to ask you for a collaboration
Because they ask me, that is, they sell you this.
I'm not going to spend 1500 euros.
on this
I'm not going to spend 1500 euros or something
collaboration Yes, I'm promoting it, no
I know a collaboration you know but 1500
euros
It seems crazy to me, family
a hug, see you tomorrow
[Music]